Ghosts!
Oh, these aren't my friends. In fact, I hate just about everyone here, but my love for historic battles is so great I join these losers every year to re-enact the battle of Bikini Bottom.
No, that's not how it happened.
Hey, what's going on here? This battle isn't over until we have a winner.
Wow! I think the little guy has taught us a valuable lesson.
That re-enacting battles is really lame!  C'mon, guys, let's go do something more manly, like football!
Hey what is that sound?
Let us not forget the chubby starfish!
Uh, triple-blueberry sundae, please. Extra nuts.
Uhhey Bert, you got like eight cents I can borrow?
You know, why is it I always have money when you need to borrow it?
Whoa. Uh, t-thats okay, I just need eight cents.
Okay, umthanks.
Hey, I think I can hang out with this guy for a while.
Ha ha, yeah. Ah, I love that story!
Just dont move. Or breathe. He might go away.
Am I on television?
Hi Mom, hi Dad. Hey Dr. Slieen.  Hey Jennifer, hey Sally, hey Francis, hey Mable, (Ben's face turns into an annoyed look) hey Julie, hey Abigail.
And there's my friends in El Tuna, and the gang at the Pudgy Flipper...
Thank you all for coming to the Bikini Bottom Mint. My name is Bill.
: And yes... I am aware of the hilarious irony between my name and my job. Now, I'll be your tour guide for today. This tour will take you through the entire money process.
This just to your right is the first part of the dollar making process.  Where very special sheets of paper are prepped for...
And in this area here to my left we see the process in which the sheets of silver are pressed into...  ...shiny blank coins which are collected in back of one million pieces for the coining press.
Now this machine here is where we destroy old money by means of shredding.
That is it! I have had enough of your nonsense! GUARDS! Show these two good-for-nothing toddlers out! Right now-oh my...  Angry, thieving criminals aren't part of this tour. Take whatever you want!
Clearly I misjudged you. You are both brave citizens and for that, oh behalf of the Mint, I would like to present you both  brand new, extremely fine, limited edition, limited brand dollar bills with your faces on them.
Why, sure, SpongeBob!
Hey! Did we come here to sing or eat fancy cake?
Well, I want to sing the only Christmas song that matters, and that's Jingle Bells. From the top! A one and a two and a 
Wrong bells, buddy!
Ah, go stuff a stocking!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Uh, 'scuse me. Is that mine?
: Hey, how's that new executive treatment sandwich treating you? Cause it's hitting all the quadrants of my hunger markets.
: You know, it reminds me of something I was thinking about business the other day.
: And I love the way it tastes!
Did you hear that?
Your dumb Pretty Patties turned my face purple!
There he is! Hey! We've been waiting for you.
How long are you going to keep us standing here?
Eating here was  idea!
Oh, now what's he doing?
We're losing our appetites!
Hey! Finally!
It's what we wanted all along.
