Like bravo man! Bravo!
I'm glad you asked! I'll make it perfectly clear! I'm the guy you made smiled from ear to ear! 'Cause the sweet sounds coming from this here direction! The entire ocean should hear! Now what I am promotions to you, is something I feel is my duty to do! I'm out just some admiring passerby, I want to be your concert, promoting manager guy!
Colonel Carper's the name, I think we'll make a great team! You and your musical compadre us there are the next big thing I do solemnly swear! Sooo! What are we waiting for? It's high tide time we go on tour! Together we'll set sail on a magical musical journey! Where you'll play for at least a trillion and that guy on the journey! Screaming fans well sisley clap their hands for more! As you fly though the air doing your own high choooour! And remember to bring your rake! 'Cause Neptune only knows the money will make!
Hmm, let me think about that for a second...NO!WHATSOEVVVVEEEER! The tour must consist of my two plus sis of the tall one with holatoses and the square one with the talented wrist!
But it was I who discovered this soon-to-be famous band! And I'm the one who knows what it takes to get them there! You'll need a tour bus, venue, gotta build up buzz! You'll need equipment and roadies too! I'm the expert of all things concert promotionist making you have no inclaim, you have no clue!
Well, well, well! If it isn't that guy that stole my band! I hope you all aren't here to steal THIS band, too! Because THIS time around, I'll be ready for ya!
You are! And the fact that YOU think you have any idea what it takes to put on a musical tour!
You call THAT a tour bus?  You call THIS sound equipment? That's not a roadie, THESE are roadies!
I'll tell you what, I'll let you open for Ned and the Needlefish on one condition: My roadies get to sabotage your sound equipment and have it blow up during your soundtrack!
Oh, that will be free!
Hah hah hah! Now you don't have ANY sound equipment! Unlike me who has this ENTIRE wall of speakers you see right behind me! HAH HAH HAH!!! Now your whole tour is RUINED!!! Hah hah hah hah!  Seriously! I can't! I can't take it!It's too much!
MR. KRABS!!!
COLONEL CARPER!!!
No we were not!!!
...YOUR SHENANIGANS SIR ARE AT AN END!!! OH YES!!! And you will be receiving a friendly little phone call from my attorney! Because I am suing you for every last dime!
Well well well! It looks like this is the end of the line for you! Both literally and figuratively! Hah! Hah! Hah!
Well let's see: How about damaged sound equipment, loss revenue, and JUST BECAUSE!
No! You owe me a MILLION nickels! Roadies! It's collecting time!
HAH HAH HAH HAH!!! YEAH!! AH HA! Okay boys! Our work here is done!
