Ah, the sea... so fascinating. So wonderful. Here, we see Bikini Bottom, teeming with life.  Home to one of my favorite creatures, SpongeBob SquarePants. Yes, of course he lives in a pineapple, you silly.
8:01 PM.
Last week, a never-before-seen episode of SpongeBob SquarePants was discovered under a desk at Nickelodeon Studios.  Now all the world is waiting in fevered anticipation to watch...  the SpongeBob SquarePants Lost Episode!  Now, to present the Lost Episode, from Encino, California, the president of the SpongeBob SquarePants fan club, Patchy the Pirate!
Remembering SpongeBob.
Here we see the proud jellyfish hunter.  He stands motionless to lure the jellyfish into a false sense of security.  And when his prey ventures to close, he springs into action.
[television version only]  Will SpongeBob learn to fly? Stay tuned.
Today,  we study the gentle of rhythm of the sea.
Two hours later.
We take you now to Encino, California, where we find the President of the SpongeBob SquarePants fan club flipping burgers?
3 hours later--
Twenty-four hours later...
2 hours later...
One frozen wasteland later.
A lot of boring math later...
Twenty-Four hours later....
One week later....
The next morning...
Many Tic-Tacs later...
Flashback...
End of flashback...
The very next evening...
The next day...
Later...
And so, SpongeBob and Patrick begin their narrowing task.  Tell it to the wagon, not just by ropes, but by their own foolish mistakes. Onward, they trench.
Pushed by Mr. Krabs, whose desires blind him to the pain he influenced. In short, this whole trip is beginning to look like a whoopsie.
Ahh, a happy pineapple under the sea. Let's take a peek inside, shall we?
You will notice that the sponge is bored, because his best friend Patrick is away.
Uh-oh. It looks as if the domesticated snail has unintentionally deformed the word "Frying." Making it look like the word "Flying." This is probably going to be a problem later on.
4 to 6 days later...
See? What did I tell you?
4 to 6 more days later...
The next morning...
Moments later...
More moments later...
One semester later...
Ahh. Graduation Day.
Would you please stop imitating me? It is starting to get very annoying.
3,000 Wup-poos later...
Soon after...
Later...
Moments later...
Later...
The next morning...
Many unbearable hours later...
82 kilometers later...
And now, some simple guidelines from your visit to Jellyfish Fields. Always pack lightly.  Dispose of litter properly.
And lastly, please respect the kind jellyfish.
This has been a word from Jellyfishing Fields State Park.
This message is brought to you by Nickelodeon and BBC Earth.
Ah,the sea. So mysterious, so beautiful. So... uhh... wet.  Our story begins in Bikini Bottom's popular undersea eatery, the Krusty Krab restaurant, where...
Hey, wait a minute. What is happening?
Later that evening...
Well, well, what is this? Ah, the artist at sea. Let us watch and see the fruits of his struggle. Ah, it seems that inspiration has struck.
The artist has learned the first lesson of the sea: Always bring a spare pencil.
We rejoin the artist in a creative slump.
The second most important rule for the artist at sea: Always bring a pencil sharpener.
Ah, The Krusty Krab. Bikini Bottom's premiere daytime eatery. Where it will be closing time right about...
Ahh, another beautiful day in Bikini Bottom's own Jellyfish Fields. An untamed world of natural order where the little jellyfish jellies roam free across the salty seascape. And where there is jellyfish, there is the Jellyfish Hunter.
Ahh, another peaceful evening in Bikini Bottom. Listen to the tropical tranquility.  Uh-oh.
Ah, a yard sale. You know the old saying: "One man's trash is another man's treasure."
