Who is this intruder that fails to attack me?
That is what we in karate call The Smell of Death!
If you want a belt, you must earn it.
You got caught in the eyes? What do you think I'm here for!?
I am the mighty oak, and you are but a sapling!
I am here to separate that wheat from the chaff! No?  That last one usually works...
It is simple. I conduct a series of tests, and if you pass,  I'll give you a belt that shows you know karate.
The first test is simple. Split a log with one hand chop, like so.  Your turn,  Karate Man.
Please proceed.
Mastery of this test will show me you're ready for the next level of karate-dom!  Alright, your turn!
Just do the thing with the thing please!  We shall settle this on the battlefield tomorrow! You two will fight each other! If I see you have the skill of real hand-to-hand combat, I will award you with karate belts.  Otherwise, you get nothing.
No more talk! Only do!
Where is the soft one!? That match starts in... Right now!
Enough talk! If you want your belt, you gonna have to tussle it out! So let the match begin!!!
Most impressive, Sandy. But I am here to evaluate SpongeBob.  Let's see what he can do on the offensive!
Very good, Sandy! You put your opponent to sleep in under a minute!  Too bad your opponent didn't put up a fight. I was prepared to give you the lowest of belts,  The Clear Belt!  But now I realize you're unfit to wear a belt of any kind, INCLUDING THE ONE THAT HOLDS UP YOUR PANTS!!!
And I'm revoking your black belt!
Oh yes I can! For wasting my time bringing me this sorry, EXCUSE FOR A STUDENT!!! Stick to something you're good at son.
The Sponge-One will never earn his belt.
Silence! No more chances! Sensei never gives two chances! If you really want to impress me, show me where I can get a decent meal around here. Lunch time approaches.
Who're you talking to?
This won't take long. Fuzzy has trained himself to go hours without air.
Pretty okay...for a fry cook!
Simple parlor tricks!  Yah, a Kung-Fu charlatan!
I've seen better!
Huh!? May have Squishy boy is more skilled than I first thought!
Not so fast, Squirrel Cheeks! The only way to truly know is to test him myself!
Now, I see you're a skilled opponent! With a cold-blooded heart of a warrior!
He's on the offensive!  Time for you to end this!
You brought me to the dance, but the universe is cutting in!
Sponge-Man!  Smell the vibrations!
I was wrong about you SpongeBob. You have bested Fuzzy, with your karate greatness!  You are now a Karate Master!
No more talk, only do! Sandy my dear, for holding your own against The Sponge, you have truly proven yourself worthy of the Blacker Belt!
Why must the universe confound me so!?
