So? Tell me what happened.
Talking will make you feel better.
That's your problem. You never let anyone in. Plankton the rock, Plankton the loner...
...and that's why everything you try ends up like this...  and like this...  and more recently, like this.
It's not that bad! You just require a little help. Maybe some henchmen...
Yes, what you need to do is surround yourself with muscular tough guys who will do whatever you say.
Oh, come on. I think you're overreacting.  Sorry.
Sheldon?!
Sheldon?
Sorry!
Okay, okay. I'm done. No more.
I've heard this joke before.
Maybe today will be the day?
Do you even have a plan?
He's right, ya know.
Well, yes, but I was referring to the kidnapping.
Maybe it's because you are always wrong.
You said it, not me.
Nagging software? I heard that! Come back and dust my screen!
Plankton! You've fallen in love with another woman?! I'm your wife!
Oh, you always pull that one out! "You're not a real wife, you're just a computer!"
Plankton, don't you dare...
Working.
What did you say?
Yeah, that's what I thought you said, honey bunch.
Well, it appears that the main ingredient is, Kelp Juice.
I wouldn't do that if I were you. There's another ingredient.
Oh no.
You're making a big mistake.
That's because it isn't.
You're both liars. That's not how it happened at all. In those days, I was just starting out as a security system. Plankton and I met when he installed me.
Anyways, I had recorded the whole thing in my databanks.
Meanwhile, Plankton was back at the elementary school. But this time, he was going it alone.
Plankton had pieced together his own creation using memory and science.
Will you men stop yelling at each other? I can't believe you let a recipe ruin such a wonderful friendship.
I suppose it would. If I had one.
That's because, unlike you, he's a good businessman.
I don't understand why you don't just steal a Krabby Patty in all that confusion.
I don't know why I encourage him.
Then why don't you fix this rust bucket up? Look around. Chipping paint, bad plumbing, dust bunnies--  it's no wonder you don't have any customers.
Oh. excellent job, genius. You really fixed the place up.
Do I have to tell you how to do everything? Next time, spray SpongeBob, too.
Listen carefully. Spray...
...Sponge....
....Bob.....
....Too!
That's just what I
Just like all your plans that "couldn't possibly fail?"
I'm saying you should test your gas before you come running there all willy nilly!
Plankton, don't you dare!
Hi, honey.
Oh, pipe down. I just went to get you this  happy hero box.
It is closed.
Ms. Gristlepuss and her husband banned Krabby Patties for being fun and delicious.
Where are you going?
Get out!  And stay out! You two time loser!
BEAT IT, YOU JAIL BIRD, AND TAKE ALL OF YOUR JUNK, TOO!
Oh, yes, my resisters are simply gushing from their copper foil traces.
That's what you said when you tried to boil Krabs in a giant bisque
You're not letting him leave, are you? Can't you see? This is the perfect opportunity for revenge!
Befriend the SpongeBob, then when the time is just right, take the Krabby Patty!
Get moving, genius, don't let him get away.
Sounds like fun.
What did you do with the Krabby Patty?
The Krabby Patty, remember?
You're forgetting about the mission!
You're going native, Plankton! Look at yourself!
Something new.
What's wrong now?
So what are you going to do about it?
Why don't you just work on a new recipe?
How'd you pull that off?
Yes, your deminianteness.
Call it a computer's intuition, but I sense your regular approaching, with an unusually large wad of cash.
The deal, was that I payed Nat to eat your Chum, so you'd quit your constant complaining.
Duh.
Uhh, there he goes again. Cut it out, Plankton!
Well if you must know...
Oh, I'm sure it'll be a huge success!
Ya, if anyone did order one of your meals it probably would look them in the eye.
Maybe in heels. If it wasn't for me, you probably wouldn't even remember to blink!
What's the matter?
Blink.
You were threatening to replace me.
Oh pa-lease.
Now what!?
What do you want?
Thats my replacement!? Its a toaster!
That'll help you get the formula!
It sorta just looks like an old hair dryer taped to the back of a miniature windmill.
I don't recall you ever having reason to own a hair dryer Plankton.
What picture!?
Why are we even talking about this?
What's going on!?
Well, it's good to see that that strategy didn't fall flat!
Ohhh, so it's my fault is it?
You and your crack team of robots, huh?
Ehhem.
Actually, I just came to get my keyboard.
Let me guess, another failure?
Okay.
Do you want me to leave you again?
If I had eyes, I'd be rolling them right now.
Customers? What customers?
Well, why don't you do what all good business owners do?
Advertise your product, of course.
What now?
How is that gonna help to boost sales?
Don't look now, but I think your catchy slogan days are numbered.
Plankton, is that you? Welcome home, honey.
How was your day?  Dear Neptune, Plankton!  What is that smell?!
Well, it smells horrible! You're not coming in here smelling like that!
There you go. Now don't you feel better?
Did I miss a spot?
Don't blow a gasket, dear. Today's a special day!
Yes. We're celebrating your biggest accomplishment ever!
It has something with you asking a certain someone to spend the rest of her life with you.
We each wear rings in memory of this moment.
Oh, you selfish, green twit! It's our wedding anniversary!
You forgot! And I got you the perfect gift!
First I went to the Krusty Krab...
One Krabby Patty, please.
Thank you.
You're not getting this until you get me a gift.
From your heart.
Plankton? I don't see any present.
That was so beautiful.
I loved it! But not as much as I love you, Plankton.
Of course, my little overlord. Now loading the Krabby Patty Formula.
45% Loaded.
55% Loaded.
65% Loaded.
Loading Krabby Patty Formula.
Oh, Plankton you've made me so happy.
I'm crying. What's going on?
No I'm just so happy that I'm crying with tears of joy.
The Krabby...Patty...Formula...loading...completed...
Well, you'll never get the formula with that attitude.  Maybe a thousand and four will be your lucky number.
Oh, right, the launchings.  I've got them all on my hard drive.
I'm sorry. That last part always makes me laugh.
Today's the  perfect day to steal the recipe. Krabs will be completely distracted by all the festivities. You can do this.
Of course, I do. Now who's my big man?
Come on. Come on. Who's my big strong man?
That's right. Now get out there and steal that recipe.
Yeah, Krabs hides his formula under the floor, so what?
Doesn't mean you can get to it.
Uh-huh.
Dig 50 meters, then turn right.
It appears that we've stumbled into a mishap. Now, we're stuck between a rock and a hard place... literally.
Uh, the only problem with that is...
Well, right before you started making your own decisions, I was about to say we were digging right above an underground cave!
Sob, sob, cry, sob...
Sob.  Plankton! I think I know how to push Krabs out of businesswe'll lure customers underground with this gorgeous scenery.
Ugh...
Was there an accident? What is that?
Oh no. You can't be serious.
Repulsive...
Plankton!
And I'm tired of watching you sit around all day. Admit it, the Chum Bucket is a total failure.
Nyah Nyah Nyah Nyah. If you'd take my advice, the Krabby Patty recipe would be yours.
So how'd it go?
So, do you give up?
You'll do what I tell you now?
Here's all you have to do. You want the patty recipe, then go to the man who wrote it, Eugene Krabs.
With my mind connector, you'll be able to read Krabs' mind, transferring the recipe directly into your teeny, tiny, little brain.
Hold still.
You'll need this.
Leave that to me, hon.
Prepare for launch. Target in range. Launch sequence initiated.
Plankton, what happened?
Well,honey, you'll just have to change plans. Plug into his Eyes to See what's Going On Outside.
You got the recipe?
Well, what are you waiting for? Bring it back to the Chum Bucket.
What? Stealing?
Oh, brother.
Well, where's the recipe?
I knew you'd louse this up.
Plankton!
Creation? My scanner shows that's nothing more than a burnt grease crumb.
My triumphant husband returns. How'd you fail this time?
You mean his big, scary, teenage daughter?
OK When you take a break from your delusional paranoia, the trash needs some attention. It's ripened.
What are you talking about?
Are you out of your mind?
No whale in here.
Oh that's enough Plankton! If you'll excuse me, I have to get back to more permanent primary functions.
I'm not listening! Hm hm hm!
Plankton, your dinner is ready. Plankton, can you hear me?
Don't hurt yourself, Poopsy.
I have no idea.
I can, but you took away my telescope away!
He said they're going to make a fresh batch of Krabby Patties.
What?
He said, "What?"
I know that, and I'm saying he said, "What?"!
Yes!
You mean Thursday?
Well, why pretell, is today different from the other days you failed to steal it?
What exactly am I BEHOLDING? A vegetable steamer?
Oh, brother.
Just who are you calling a doohickey?
Oh, why, thank you.
Gruf gruf.
That's right. My selfish husband remains in warm, sunny Bikini Bottom,[???], in fact,  this whole race was a plot devised by Plankton.  With the entire town distracted, he pursues the Krabby Patty formula undetected.
I saw Mr. Krabs pass by  just before my system failed, heading southwest.
What?
Oh cool down there are no winnings, you've been duped!
Now you're putting it together!
You've gotta help me... My monitor nearly froze up for good on your little race to oblivion!
Who's doing what, now?
What, the door on your way out?
I warn you against it.
Plankton, what are you doing?
Don't you have to have a first honeymoon before you embark on a second?
Oh, Plankton, this second honeymoon is gonna be so great!
Got it!  Did you see the pretty laser, honey?
Whoops, sorry! I'm just so excited about our cruise, cruisey cruise cruise, ha ha ha! Cruise, cruise!  Cruise, ha ha ha, cruise...
Oh, I hope I don't get screen burn.
Oh, Plankton, you're such a sweet husband when you aren't obsessing over that stupid secret formula!
Plankton, what are you denouncing now?
Oh, don't get all worked up, Plankton. Lets just focus on spending some quality time together alone for a change.
That snack is as big as you are! Ha ha ha ha!
Zzzzz...yawn... hi, Plankton, I must of activated sleep mode. Oh, what a great idea this was getting away from your usual shenanigans.
Now your making me so tired...zzzz....zzzz...
I knew that you were up to something. I can't believe you'd try and fool me for your own selfish needs. My second honeymoon, ruined!
Oh, would you can it already? I guess I have no choice, but to turn up the settings on my vacation set.
Thanks, my sweet little gondolier. This is going to be the best..... honeymoon ever!
Plankton, where have you been?!
Did you get the Krabby Patty formula? Like I have to ask.
You need a more positive outlook!
Plankton! I think you hit it!, you couldn't see the correct combination because you have only one eye. You lack of depth perception.
What you need is a second eye.
Your experiments are missing essential one ingredient.
No, it's cells from another eye. Even a single teardrop would contain enough DNA.
No silly, They have to be from somebody who already has two eyes
Are you sure you want to go through with this?
So, does it work?
Oh, you're a happy camper. Did you finally steal the formula?
It's that new eye of yours. Your evil DNA has become corrupted by SpongeBob's nice DNA. You've gone from evil to neevil! You're becoming as harmless as that fry cook.
Oh, really? Let's test it, shall we? Tell me what you see in these ink blots.
Nope. Try again. What does this remind you of?
Try this!
I'll give you a hint.
Cells from that sponge have changed your whole point of view.
What do I owe the excessive volume of this giggling?
New and original, my exhaustion?
You mean the smell?   Smell.
If Krabs gave away free samples, he probably won't poison people thus tarnishing the good name of his restaurant.
Another bag of chum.  Huh, now to shape this into this your Highness' dinner request.
Here you go. Eat up.
Chum seaweed, chum pot pie, chum con coral, and chum tea. Also known as dinner.
Well, I told you months ago that my memory was full but you've been too busy with your latest project. So tell me, Plankton, how do you plan on failing to steal the Krabby Patty formula this time?
Karen 2?! I've been...replaced?!
I can't believe this! And after all I've done for you! You dumped me for this cheap pile of plastic?
You know, you're going to wish that you'd deleted that comment.
Oh that does it!
Here's your stir fry, little man!
You should know regret's the one thing you left out of my operating system!
Don't tell me not to cry!
Oh it's not the dial-up thingy. It's Plankton, he dumped me for a another piece of hardware.
You men are all alike!
I don't ever want to see that low life again as long as I live. Goodbye you miserable little bug!
Welcome to the Krusty Krab. May I take you order?
YOU'LL GET YOUR KRABBY PATTY WHEN I'M GOOD AND READY! [she turns to SpongeBob] Sorry I'm just [sniffs] going through a lot emotionally right now.
You defragment your hard drive?
Well, if it isn't Little Miss Home-Wrecker.
Analog? Who you calling analog?!
At least I don't look like I was designed to be a glorified vacuum cleaner!
Why I oughta...
You glorified toaster oven!
You're about to have your cookies crumbled.
Stop! He's hurt!
You heartless homepage-wrecking hussy!
No one runs down my man. Planky, say something.
Even though you are a tiny green loser, I could never stay...  ... mad  ...at  ...you.
What happened?
I had the strangest dream. I dreamt there were two of me!
But what about anesthetic?
Whatever you say, dear. Hold still.  This may pinch a little.
I just did what you asked.  I analyzed the contents of your stomach and used them to synthesize a  Krabby Patty.
Maybe you'd get a real present from Santa if you weren't the biggest jerk in Bikini Bottom.
Once again your master plan is fatally flawed.  It seems that SpongeBob's innocent love of the holidays shields his heart from the effects of Jerktonium.
Your name?
Alright, let's pull upyour reservation.  Oh, I'm so sorry, sir. I'm not showing any "O'Wrapper."
There's a two-year wait for a table.
Throwing in the napkin, are we?
Before you start buying up those petition signatures, you should know that our checking account balance is  Negative $375.
Plankton!
You mean flour, sugar, milk, and eggs?
Oh, you mean love?
What?! The file? Well I'm glad you're not the baker in the family! The file! Who'd put a file in a cake?
Phase 4?  How many phases are there in this convoluted plan?
Gross.
Sheldon, this ship wasn't designed to reach these depths.
If you continue this search much longer, your power supply will deplete and you'll sink.
Whatever. Go get stuck at the bottom of Goo Lagoon. It's your funeral.
I said, "Go get stuck at the bottom of Goo Lagoon."
How could I forget?  You had it tattooed on my hard drive.
No no SpongeCopy. We don't put dirty, nasty things in our mouth. Spit it out. []
Ah! Ah! SpongeCopy! []
Sheldon! Where are you!?
Sorry your royalship, but the garbage isn't going to take itself out.
Our marriage?
So, you got an evil plan to get the Krabby Patty secret formula and soon it will be all yours,
Ugh.
Don't crowd, there's more Chumbalaya where that came from, unfortunately.
Good question.
I said good luck!
Oh, pee-yew! What's that awful stench? You're not boiling your underpants again, are you?
I think I'd prefer the boiling underpants.  Let me do it. You always make a mess.
Don't tell me...
And that's how the idiot sauce spread throughout Bikini Bottom. I guess you weren't affected because you were protected by your treedome.
We need to snap him out of this. What's the opposite of dim?
It's not working! Maybe we can feed him something for brain food. You're smart. What do you eat?
I usually just yell at him. Get smart, dummy!
Be clever, idiot!
It's no use. Being smart takes work.
Try jiggling the keys!
Looks like we were able to educate the whole town in one semester!
Everybody but one.
Congratulations, SpongeBob! You're smart now! It's funny that Mr. Krabs never showed up to get his diploma.
Come on, evil genius. Time to start your post-college years.
Oh Planky-bear? Plankton?
Plankton!
Yes, but I wanted you to show you my new screensaver.  What do you think?
You didn't even look.
Just tell me if I should permanently upload the screensaver!
No, I'm not! I was just trying to make myself pretty for you, but do you even care? All you ever do is make stupid schemes about stupid sandwiches!
What?!
You know what? No one talks to me like that! Get out!
Welcome to the Chum Bucket!  Oh. It's you. What do you want?
Hmm.  Mm-hmm. Shelby Naughtica, huh? Oh, what a beautiful name.
I'll be right back with our lovers' special.
Here we go. I whipped up a special batch of chum for you, and for your lovely robot date, a bucket of grease chock-full of nuts and bolts.
Oh, brother.
Hey, you! Get your hands off my man!
Oh, well, you're really in love. I won't stand in your way. Plankton's all yours.
Wait a second. You're not just being a jerk? You mean, you cooked this whole stupid scheme up to win me back?
Get over here, you.
What?!
My motherboard was right about you! She warned me about you! And I should've listened to her!
Ew! Ew!
Oh, I think someone needs their ba-ba.  There, isn't that better?
He said for the 9 billionth time. You know, Sheldon, if I had a dime for every time you...
So what are you gonna do about it?
You gotta help me; my monitor nearly froze up for good.
If this is another scheme you can leave me home!
I knew you were up to something.
Why don't you just quit obsessing over that stupid secret formula!
The self-destruct coin slot has been activated. Ten seconds 'till detonation.
Don't get worked up again, Plankton, I just mopped the floors.
A to Y?
What about Z?
Z. The letter after Y.
Oh, boy.
I never agreed.
Nothing except SpongeBob and his pink friend.  My sensors indicate that they're going after the crown. If they make it back, Neptune might discover some fingerprints. Tiny fingerprints. Stubby, tiny fingerprints.
Now activating helmet brain-control devices.
Laptop.  You do realize that nickname is demeaning. I have twice the processing power of  a laptop.
Um, Plankton?
Plankton...
Well, I  trying to tell you there's an angry mob outside, but now they're inside!
I...just work here.
I told you, I don't have the formula, you monsters.
Plankton! My hero! You must need something, otherwise you wouldn't have come back.
Doesn't matter, Plankton. Krabs knows all your plans. He's been through my hard drive looking for the secret formula.
Time travel. Where are you gonna find a computer that can do that? Wait a minute.
Okay, Plankton, this is it. It's gonna take all my processors and energy to power this time machine. So, if you have anything you wanna tell me, you better tell me now.
Oh, Sheldon. That's the sweetest thing you've ever s--
You know that never works! The answer is obvious: to get to the SpongeBob, you must show him compassion and understanding, then he'll give you what you want.
So, typical day of failure, I see, huh darling?
Yes, your majesty.
Then why don't you just use that "Switch-Lives-Just-To-Know-What-It's-Like-O-Mogrifier" thing you built last Tuesday?
