Who dares to interrupt Neptune?
Wait! Rochelle was just about to meet her biological parents!
No. Oh, my darling Amphitrite, it is not my age that troubles me so. It's that our son, Triton, will not be able to share in my revelry.
Ok. So long as there's no one careless enough to mention Triton.
Greetings, my obedient flock.
You were right, honey. Hearing these mortals cheer for me has made me feel better already.
Oh, these seats are surprisingly comfortable for being long-lord and primitive storage vessels.
And I am glad that you are glad, dear.
And I'm glad that you're glad that I'm glad that you're glad...
And methinks I shall continue to enjoy us all as long as there's no mention of the name...
That's not an empty seat. My wife is sitting there.
Oh no.
Thank you, my darling. I'd rather not share with this addled mortal the woeful story of our son, Triton.  But I suppose I could tell it.  No, you're right, I won't tell it.  Instead, I'm going to show this movie I made about it.  Could someone please dim the lights?
It all started one day while giving Triton his smiting lessons.
That's how you strike fear into the hearts of your subjects! Now you try, son. Son?
Triton was increasingly fascinated with the miserable world of the lowly mortals.
Never. Now take hold of your trident and practice your smiting, son.
OK, son, you want to learn the stick and ball game? Well here's your first lesson. Batter up.  It looks like I just hit a single. Let's see if you can get a home run, son.
What was happening to my own flesh and blood? Over the next few millennia, my son grew not only in size, but in perplexing behavior.
What is going on in here?
How many times do I have to tell you? We are gods! We don't have diseases, nor do we care whether or not the mortals contract them!
Try as I might, it was becoming increasingly apparent that we would not agree on the ways of the world. I knew I had no choice. There was only one last resort.  No, not that one! The Island in the Sky.
No! The one on the other side of the river
Uh-huh.
I'm sealing you inside this magical shrinking cage until you learn to embrace your destiny as one of the gods!
Well, it only shrinks 7%.
Perhaps in your eyes, it is beyond bogus, but it is the only way you'll learn.  Reflect on this for 10,000 years.
And that's that.
Recounting this sad tale has upset me so much, I've lost my appetite.
Oh, how I miss my son!
Nope
He's back
Behold!
Son?!
Son, I demand to know the meaning of this impudent imprisonment.
And this is how you intend on showing it.
By flying through the roof?
Don't worry Mr. Krabs, no one was going to pay for them anyway
Son, hear my words, I can understand if you want to keep me locked up in this cage and set me, but see it in your heart to release these others as they are innocent. Well, maybe not all of them
Please, no more!
Son I have tried all my life to be gentle, but this time you have.. Are you responsible for all this destruction!?
The Cage! Why son you have just given me the best 5000th birthday present I ever received! You finally learnt to use your god powers. Now I know when my reign comes to a close, I'll have a worthy successor and that's all I could really hope for as a king  and as your father come here.
Now lets go home son.
Ow, yes. Many thanks whoever you are. It was the best day I could of ever hoped for and it's all because of your little boy there. None of this would've happened if it wasn't for his actions!
So, you have confessed to the crime of touching the king's crown?
But what?!
Well, then I guess I can't execute you. Twenty years in the dungeon it is.
Mindy, how dare you defy me?!
I am the king. I must enforce the laws of the sea.
Squire, clear the room. I wish to speak to my daughter alone.  What is this, Mindy?
And what does this crown do?
It's not bald, it's... thinning. This crown does much more than cover a slightly receding hairline. [] No, this crown entitles the one who wears it to be in charge of the sea. One day, you will wear this crown.
Thinning! Anyway, the point is, you won't wear it until you learn how to rule with an iron fist. Like your father.
What the...?  My crown! Someone has stolen the royal crown!
Stay in the coach, daughter.  This won't take long.
Silence, Mindy. I know what I'm doing.  Oww! Squire!
Have this pole executed at once.
Greeting, subjects. I seek the one known as Eugene Krabs. May he present himself to me at once.
Nay! I'm on to you, Krabs! You have stolen the royal crown, you cannot deny. For, clever as you are, you left one damning piece of evidence at the scene of the crime.
Relinquish the royal crown to me at once!
My crown is in the forbidden Shell City?!
Mindy!
Mindy!
