Hey heroes! Is there anything we can do? So is that it?
Understood.
Oh where are we?  It cant be. Bikini Bottom has at least 39 people living here.
Oh! Everything looks so fashioned.
Well but Patrick what about Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy?
Yes Patrick we were all born in our places of time. Hello fellas citizen. Hello Squilliam.
Yeah. Must be taking care of his oppugations.
I uh Patrick do you notice anything different about our prison.
I said is there something odd about Bikini Bottom since we got back.
Even worse than that Patrick. The police got new uniforms.
Ah ye. What happened to the Krusty Krab?  The designed area where you are permitted by Man Ray, your ruler, to obtain sandwiches using Man Ray dollars? The city under life, tradity, and all this.
No Patrick it means we somehow changed the course of history when we went to the past well, in this reality Man Ray is ruler. Oh we got to do something.
One of these suspecting citizens of the 3-World that do in a time crisis. See if I still have a job.
Excuse me, Squidw...
Barnacle Boy? What are you doing here?
Mermaid Man is wearing a hairnet. What happened? Why are the two greatest heroes ever stuck in this greasy spoon not combating the evils of Man Ray?
What about the young "Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy"? Surly they refuse to surrender without a fight.
Im so sorry for your loss of yourself.
Sorry Mermaid Man we didnt mean to destroy your lives you held dear. What do we say to try to make things right. With your help of course.
Does that mean the defeat was so traumatic that it has given Man Ray a stranglehold on your psyche?
Oh, lets get the nasty thing off of you.
I cant get a good grip on it. I must need a better angle. Sorry sorry. Hey, Patrick can you give me a hand on here?
Ta-daaa! You're free! Now can we coax you and Barnacle Boy out of retirement to save the new universe?
Actually were fighting Man Ray.
Okay I suppose thats close enough. Back to the past gents, to stop you from eating the tartar sauce again for the first time.
Everything!  Come on, come on, come on! Bring 'em, bring 'em, bring 'em! Jellies, jellies!  Let's go, let's go! Keep doing it!  Come on, let's get moving!  Hurry up! What do you think I'm paying you for?
