Oh, blast this confounded instrument. If I never play with ease, may my own great-great-great-great-great-great-great grandson be cursed ten-fold.
Dost thou talketh to me?
Scoff not, young squire. Thou hast mistaken me for another. I am Squidly, the king's royal fool. Or at least I was until I royally messed up.
I'll show you. I was the king's favorite fool. I made merry mirth and laughter. Then I told one bad joke and the king had a stroke, now I hang from ye olde rafter.
Don't hold thy breath! We'll be lucky if we get fed again by the 12th century!
The evil wizard's dragon is here. See the townsfolk scream with fear. See the townsfolk try to run. I can tell this won't be fun. The dragon will torch everything. Everything in the valley. Hospitals, schools, retirement homes, and even ye olde bowling alley.
Absolutely.
Suit thineselves. Thou dost not knowest what thou art missing.
If your majesty may be so kind, I think I have a song that will answer all your questions.
Oh, thank you sir. Thank you. You won't be disappointed. Oh hear me king for I must sing, how you are the greatest at everything. Like letting a dragon burn down our city, a horrible sight that wasn't pretty. 'Twas all your fault and 'tis a pity, you are bad, you are to blame, now hang your kingly head in shame.  La la la la la la la la la la la!
Well, so much for their company.
Have it your way.
Perhaps yonder blacksmith can provide some arms for your battle.
We doth have a long journey ahead of us.
Doth my eyes betray me? 'Tis the nefarious dark knight. Oh dark knight, spare us please, don't cut off our heads or boil our knees. Pray take these two and let me go free and I will give to thee some...cheese!
Oweth.
That be the shriek of the fair Princess. Hark, the Princess, she screams from the tower, by the sound of her shrieks this is her final hour.
That be royal fool.
Perhaps a soothing limerick will calm thee. There once was a dragon so handsome and smart, he let me go free for he had a big heart.  Everyone be-eth a critic.
Make way. Thy king's heroes cometh through. Hark! Ring the bell, 'tis all ended well! The dragon is vanquished, the princess returned, and only a few of us got badly burned!
