Dad, when are you going to teach me the ball and stick game?
I don't feel like smiting. I wanna play the ball and stick game.
Leave me alone, Dad.
Hey, Dad, check it out! I'm studying chemistry, and I've just created a cure for all mortal diseases!
Gosh!
Isn't that island a miniature golf course?
You mean the juvenile correction facility? But that place is for losers, man.
Okay, I'm standing in here. Now what?  What are you doing? This is bogus!
Noooooo!
You call that shrinking?
Man, that is just beyond bogus.
You can't do this, man! I've got a life to live. I can't be stuck in this cage, man!  God. I hate you, old man, you hear me? I hate you!
Hey, man, what's the big idea?
I'm down here, man!
Party decorations? For what?
So, it's my old man's birthday. Big deal.
I am, but he doesn't seem to think so.
Hah! That's a real good one, man. Real funny.
Do you think if that old goat really cared, he'd have me sealed up in this magical cage with nothing to do all day  but trim my fingernails, man?
You're telling me, man.
Man, you're just like all the rest.
May I ask you to brush your teeth first, dude. P.U!
This cage is only so big man
Never mind, just undo the lock
That lock was forged by the gods, not any numbskull can open like a cheap bag of potato chips they found in the street.
Theres one behind that rock over there, but I don't see why...
Say, now this silly old cage is open, why don't we pay my old man a visit. Hate to keep him waiting on his birthday.  you guys coming or what?
A ride, thats a great idea
You guys don't mind if pull over for a second?
No, to tell you I don't need you any more.
Well it turns out you where right old man, being trapped in that cage all those years with nowhere to go but up here made me realize something, dabbling in the world of mere mortals is totally lame.
No man, this is how!  Hahaha
Sure you can.
Nothing can stop me! Hahaha
Sorry old man, you lost me up in the hear in my words part.
Hehe.
Hehe, I was just kidding man No No, please, I-I-I never meant to...
Don't send me back to the cage man, I-I-I...
Aww dad, I love you man.
