Mermaid Man: Fleet and forceful. With the ability to assemble and charge the creatures of the deep.
Mermaid Man, with his young associate Barnacle Boy, fights for all creatures who live in the sea, against the forces of evil.
Mermaid Man! Champion of the deep.
The New Adventures of Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy! We join our heroes locked in a battle of wits.
Will our heroes ever get their phone fixed? Tune in next week and find out.
We will return to "Bikini Bottom Car Wash" after these messages.
The day you've been waiting for is almost here. That's right. Glove World! has a new ride. It's big...
It's fast...
It's painful...
It's the "Fiery Fist O' Pain." Opening tomorrow only at Glove World!.
We now return to tonights scary movie: Slumber Party Zombie Attack!
We now return to Slumber Party Zombie Attack!
The Aquaphone! The Mermalair's telecommunication device connecting City Hall with the underwater crime-fighting hero, Mermaid Man!
Never mind. It's just this idiot.
Pun!
Carrot chop!
Potato pow!
Lettuce laceration!
Junk jab!
Trash thwap!
Putrid pop!
Sad!
Pathetic!
Mediocre!
Sub-par!
One hour later...
Could this be the end of our doofus duo? Deep fried like two tenacious tater tots on tenterhooks?
And so ends another numb-skulled episode of the preposterous pair, Mermaid Pants and Barnacle Star! Tune in next time for more mind-running adventures! I've really gotta find another job! I wonder if it's too late to go back to college radio!
We interrupt this program to bring you a Bikini Bottom News Flash!
Mermaid Man... fleet and forceful! By the power of Neptune aided by his young ward...  Aided by his young ward...  ...protecting the sea with feats of strength and agility.
By beating a rogue gallery of villains. Like the Sinister Slug, [DROP] the Atomic Flounder, [CARDBOARD] and the dreaded Jumbo Shrimp. [LAME] Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy unite!
The delicious, mouth-watering Krabby Patty is now available in frozen! But this patty isn't just for eating anymore! Because there are so many things you can do with a frozen Krabby Patty!
Like this!
Use them as snowshoes!
As a flying disc!
Or a hockey puck!
You can comb their hair!
Wear them as jewelry!
Or flush them down the toilet! The only limits are your imagination!
The frozen Krabby Patty! Now available where they keep things cold!
And now, back to Crustacean Crime Theater.
The New Adventures of Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy! We join Bikini Bottom's noblest, boldest, oldest superheroes as they bravely prepare for vacation.  But wait! While our heroes relax at leisure village, who will watch the Mermalair?
