And the winner is Rocky!
And now, the real Lost Episode!
B-47.
A-29.
Ladies and gentlefish, Bikini Bottom's Community Rec Center is proud to present: Squidward Tentacles.
Karate Island: A serene and exotic location where nature and beauty abound, and hundreds of fighting styles collide in a wave of non-stop, pulsating, no-hold barred action! For centuries, the world's top karate artists have journeyed to this land to be crowned King of Karate.
Now it's your turn...
You've won an all-expense paid trip to Karate Island! Hi-yah! Where you'll be crowned this year's King of Karate!
And now, live from Bikini Bottom, it's "Bikini Bottom Live".
3, 2, 1, launch!
Only $29.99!
We're on! Welcome to the Goo Lagoon 8th annual anchor toss competition.
Could I get some mustard on that? Oh. First up, Don the Whale.
Let's see an instant-replay.  Amazing! Up next, Larry the Lobster.
Here goes, Sandy Cheeks.
Wow! Fabulous!
Up next, SpongeBob SquarePants.
Huh? Oh, yeah. Al, send the mike down. We got fresh meat.
Whatever.  In this corner we have the challengers, the Krusty Krushers!
And on the opposite side of the ring, we have the undefeated champions.
Ladies and gentlemen, here are your new champions.
Mermaid Man says...
Our programming will begin shortly.
Bikini Bottom Public Access presents:  "Fab and Fancy," your source for the latest in exotic pets, collectible jewel-encrusted mittens,  and classical doorbell chimes...
...has been cancelled!
Bikini Bottom Public Access presents: "Squidward Chat!" With your host: Squidward Tentacles.
And now, Bikini Bottom's top public access show for the last 20 weeks:  "Squidward's House Party!" With your host, Zeus the Guitar Lord.
Oh, no! Your bathroom is a disaster. Get it cleaned up fast with...the new sponge! ] Household chores are a snap with new sponge. It cleans sinks.  Just look at that shine! New sponge cuts through even the toughest grime and grit. New sponge also cleans showers!  Ha, ha! That tile looks good as new!  But best of all, new sponge can make any toilet sparkle!
(on TV) Say, Mr. Sea Chicken, how's the flavor of that zesty sea chicken sandwich?
Attention. Ready in your sleds.
On your mark...
...set, go!
Hello, all you snazzy jazzlers. Please put your thumbs and forefingers together and give a warm welcome to the pied piper of jazz himself Kelpy G.
Be all you can possibly be.  Join the Marine Dolphins.
Next up,
Ladies and gentlemen, now is the time you've all been waiting for. Kenny the Cat will do his signature walk.
We'll be right back, with "The Giant Isopod Stuck in the Pet Door" show, after these messages!
Ladies and gentlemen! Boys and girls! Feast your eyes upon one daring, death-defying, the Polaris, the incredible, flying sponge!
The Journey to Atlantis by Vantis!
Watch SpongeBob SquarePants, every day on Nick.
In the old west, it's central to understand the basics of riding a seahorse. Are you ready, SpongeBuck?
Fine. To start, , we place the right hand on the saddle horn. The place your right foot in the stirrup located here while placing your hand there.
Keeping your left leg balanced in ready here.
Well, sliding your index finger there with that left toe push up over to the upright mounting position with the foot ending on the opposite side of the back front.
Well, all right. You're ready to ride.
Are you tired of the same recreational activities?
Then you need to know about Spurskate, the newest Bikini Gulch craze.
Spurskate is great for anyone! you can freestyle spurskate!  Or go extreme Spurskate!
Hehe, it's up to you, so stop that walking.  'Cause the world is passing you by on Spurskates.
They're Spurskates so join the rest and be your Spurskate best.
Attention zoo patrons! Clamu the giant oyster is on an emotional rampage! Please scream and run around in circles.  Thanks for coming.
And welcome back to Championship Boxing.
New, Bran Flakes. Bold, new taste. Bran Flakes.
