At ease, cadets!
Welcome to the Milkshake Academy! I'm your instructor: Captain Frostymug! Let's not beat around the bush here boys! Your mamma's not here to wipe the whipped cream from your chinny-chin-chins! And I'm not here to help you with your bendy straws! My sole purpose is to transform you from mere guppies into cool, cold-drafted, chilled to the bone, ice cream blooded, licensed milkshake makin' guppies! But you must prove yourself worthy of this distinction!  Do you consire youself worthy? Cadet Squarepants?
I see. Then this first test will be a breeze. What do you call  this?
That's enough! This, Cadet Squarepants, is your scooper. The most vital weapon in the milkshaker's arsenal! It's clear that most of you understand the fundamentals. Now it's time to see what you can do!  Cadets! Man your milky, milky stations!
FANTASTIC! Nice and creamy mouth feel!  SquarePants appears to be having problems...AGAIN! You! Please explain where he has gone wrong!
Very good! But how does it taste?  Maybe we need to get back to basics...
Listen up Cadet Squarepants! If you want to make a milkshake, you gotta know how it feels to be a shake!  Behold! The Shake Simluator! In you go! NOW! MARCH! HUT TWO THREE FOUR! HUT TWO THREE FOUR! HUT!  Teach this upstart a lesson, I'm setting it to "OBLiTERATE!"
SILENCE!!! He needs to learn cadet!
Now, let's see how the boy turned out!
Never, in my thirty years of milkshake instruction, have I had such an unteachable moron! CADETS! Do you have any ideas on how to teach Cadet SpongeBob?
When you first came to me just four short hours ago, you were nothing but a bunch of soda jerks! But now, you stand before me proud, mighty, milkshake makin' machines! It is with great pride I bestow upon you your milkshake operator license! Now, come up here and get them!  Well! I'm afraid there're aren't no more milkshake licenses. And do you know why?
NO YOU SIMPLETON! There're aren't anymore milkshake licenses because YOU don't get one!
Hmm...let me see!  Maybe it's got something to do with the fact that you couldn't even get past Step #1 of making a milkshake: Filling the glass with ice cream!
No, here let me show you!  You're suppose to raise the cup to the spinny thing!  Um, the...the spinny thing...
NOOOO!!!!
I haven't touched a milkshake machine in twenty years!  DEAR NEPTUNE'S THUNDERCLAP! I'm stuck in the blender! HELP!
MY ARM!!
Save yourself boy! I'm a goner!
Thanks, SpongeBob!  You now, no one has ever treated me this old captain with much kindness. And in return, I'd like to tell you a little secret. All these years, I've been able to make milkshakes without machines because making milkshakes really comes from within! Does that make sense?
That would be from me! And in light of decent events, SpongeBob. I'd like to give you this
