Call me Don.
Mr. Krabs, if you wanna sell zero Krabby Patties and wind up in the poor house, then I say go with your commercial.
But if you really want to be rich, keep your mouth shut, and listen to us, sir.
Let me introduce you to the team here at GGK. That's Barry Goby, Rob Koi, and Limia with her team from creative. Everyone, this is Mr. Krabs and a yellow box.
Let's say we give a look-see at what we've cooked up for you.
The Krabby Patty, a mainstay of dining in Bikini Bottom for a very long time,  like an old friend, but not too old, because research shows us old is gross.
Exactly. Now, here are some of the slogans we've been kicking around.
"Krabby Patties: Like a friend, but edible."  "Krabby Patties: The shut-in's favorite patty."  And finally, "Krabby Patties: Shove 'em in your mouth-hole!"
The thing is, Frozen Krabby Patties are a convenience for everyone, and we need a campaign that says exactly that. We need a regular guy to represent all consumers.
Someone everyone can relate to...
With a face that says, "I love Krabby Patties."
We find that face, and we have our campaign.
Great stuff, huh? This guy is gonna be a star!
That's the attitude.
You need to call your bank, Krabs, because they are gonna have to build an extra vault to hold all the extra money.
I told you, call me Don.
Of course, you could double, maybe even triple of quadruple that money, if you... No, forget it.
Well, we ran some numbers and realized that you could make a lot more money if you... changed the formula.
A lot "a lot more."
Whoa, hey, this little yellow box sure is full of questions. What do you say we go see where the money's made?
Take a look around. It's your dream come true. Through the wonders of automation, this factory can make as many Krabby Patties in one minute as you used to make in a week. Take a whiff of the future, Krabs. Does it smelly like money?
Hey, let's check in on our taste test area.
Stand over here and say your line. And...action.
And..cut! Alright, you guys can fix that in post. Okay? that's a wrap. Let's pack it up.
Thank you, everyone, for coming to this gala event celebrating the meteoric success of Frozen Krabby Patties. In honor of this momentous occasion, we are going to premiere our 400th commercial.
That was cute when you were rich.  I'm out of here.
