There you are.  There you are, Miss Tuffsy. Oh, gramma finally found you. She was starting to get worried. Now let's get to your home, Miss Tuffsy, and get you something to eat. Hmmm.  You feel much lighter than Gramma remembers.  There you go, Miss Tuffsy. Gramma knows you like your Mr. Heaty set to extra cozy when you're home relaxing.
Goodness, you're almost out of cookies. Here, I'll go and get some more. Now, don't you go running off again.  There you go.  After this, I'll go make up some of those deviled eggs I promised.  Oh, how about a little music? Gramma's got a killer stereo system.  Oh, this song reminds Gramma or her days as a riveter.  You make Gramma feel so young. Come on, Miss Tuffsy, let's do the boogie-woogie.  Oh.  Okay, oh, that's enough boogie-woogie for now.
Gramma knows how much you love these late-night crime drama programs. Don't you, Miss Tuffsys? Oh, heavens, look at the time.  It's time for bed, Miss Tuffsy.
Here's your room, Miss Tuffsy.
Here you are, darling. Let Gramma tuck you in. There you go. Oh,  I almost forgot your good-night kiss.  Sweet dreams, Miss Tuffsy.
There you go, Miss Tuffsyfresh squeezed. It takes longer to make it that way, but it was a labor of love.
How about a little more syrup on those pancakes?  Here comes the train. Hoo-hoo!  Set phasers on fun, Miss Tuffsy.  Oh, here we are.
These pipe cleaners are simply delightful.
Well, I hope you weren't looking to buy them, sonny, because Gramma already picked up all they had.
Come on, Miss Tuffsy, there's plenty more fun to be had.
Gramma will get a lovely meat loaf in the oven for you.
Don't worry, it's no trouble at all. Easy to do.
Oh, Miss Tuffsy, do you have to go potty? Here, why don't you use this stack of fliers given to me today by a little chubby boy.
You stay right there. The meatloaf is almost done.  Oh, dear. The meatloaf is not quite ready yet but Gramma knows how hungry you are, Miss Tuffsy, so she whipped up a quick batch of cookies.
You don't want cookies? Don't fret, I made a batch of deviled eggs, too.  Come back, Miss Tuffsy. You don't want these to go to waste, do you? They were a labor of love.  Oh, don't worry, Miss Tuffsy, Gramma will find you.
Miss Tuffsy, I know you're back there, I can't hear your stomach growling.
Oh, there you are, Miss Tuffsy.
You must be starving.
I liked the part where you told us where how he was crying like a baby.
I hope you saved room for dessert, SpongeBob.
Awww... I know how much you love sweets, and I know how much you love your pet snail, so I made you this special gellatin mold.
Of course!
Oh, dear! Look at all those candles! Why, if I were even older, we'd be burning down the house!
Go ahead, dear. But there may not be any cake left when you get back!
Hold on, dear.  Just...just let me finish these last few candles.  I did it!  Oh, but oh, am I tired!
What a good boy!
