One day, you'll be a plunderin' pirate just like yer ol' granddad here.
Aaarrr, if it ain't me pirate grandson.
Ya know how proud it makes me to see me only grandson continuin' in the family business.
And I'll be keepin' me eye on yer career to see how you progress. Just remember, the only rule in the Pirate's Code of Honor is: Never tell a lie.
Hee-ar!
Har, har, har!
Eugene, me boy! Aye, it's good to see you and yer ship after so many moons! Just beginin' to think you was lyin' to yer old granddad!
Hm...this might be a pirate crew. But more miserable jellyfishers than swarvy brine-skimmers.
Har, har, har! I'm just yankin' yer chain, boy! You look like a fine pirate crew.
Now, let's see what this rusty old pelican can do! Let's sail!
Aye.
What's a hair net doin' on a pirate ship? Every pirate knows that the majority of his daily nutrition comes from whatever hair or skin flakes fall off the coke and into the stew. This hair net is deprivi' your crew of its essential nutrients.
Aye, look at the size of that beast.
Aha! That's the stuff!
Whah!
Har, har, har, har! That's me boy!
Ahoy! Trouble aproachin' quick! Approximately ten clips of the starboard bow! Man your battle stations!
What have ya got, cotton in yer ears?! Move!
Somethin' bigger than I've ever seen! A ravin' garganst comin' by with coarsmatic tangled locks!
Yeah. It must be destroyed! Here, see for yourself.
Prepare to meet yer maker, sea witch.
What are ya doin'?
What is this?!
Now it's even more angry!
Ar, you're darn tootin' I am!
What kinda ship are you runnin' here?
Arrrrrrrrrrrr! Arrrrrrrrrrrr!
I've smelled sticky things, but nothin' smells stckier than a lie! The code that all pirates live by, you knows what it is, don't ya?
Well, then, say it!
Krabby Patties: $2.00. Krusty Combo: $3.99! Coral Bits: $1.95?!
Fail, me boy?! Ha, ha, ha! Why, I couldn't be more proud. Look at yer ludicrous prices! Now, that's real piracy. Ya done good, boy-o!
Why, thank yourself, lad! You created this dynasty on yer own! Now, I'll be takin' me lead, boy!
I hope ya don't mind, boy-o, but I helped myself to a little bit of yer booty!
