I think the stain glass barstool can go over here. And the suede hand carved wooden sports flag display case can go over there.
I'd like to speak to the owner.
Allow me to introduce myself. Howard Blandy: President of the Blandy Franchising Company.
Get it together, little man.
What would it take to buy the Krusty Krab from you?
Oh, there's a lot more than that. The rest is over there.
Just one thing. If you can sign this contract. It just states that you relinquish the Krusty Krab and all proprietary ownership thereof. Along with its employees, merchandise, logos, and cash registers.
Of course.
Mr. Krabs, is there a problem here?
It's ruined!
Hello. My name is Howard.
I noticed this "For Rent" sign. Is this yard still for rent?
Hmmm. Howard is disappointed.
I thought this would be the one place to pursue my passions...
...play the bassoon...
...and enjoy a nice cup of tea in my front yard.
Farewell. I new this was too good to be true.
Well, in that case, I should move in right away!  Make yourself at home.
I would like to propose a toastto a new neighbor.
While we're on the topic, what are the other neighbors like?
That's neat. I'm the neighbor that likes all kinds of neighbors!
Well, as long they aren't jellyfishers.  I can't STAND anyone who jellyfishes. But, luckily, they're not the worst kind of neighbor.
That would be the bubble blowers.  Between the jellyfishers and the bubble blowers, I just couldn't stand to stay in my old neighborhood anymore.
What's going on? Is someone out there?
Are you sure? I thought I heard voices.
Perhaps it's the other neighbors coming to meet me. We'd better check.
Well, of course you can. They're your neighbors, too.
You're hurting my arm!
Could, what?
And a one and a two...
That's funny, I thought I just had this thing tuned.
What's going on? Are you hiding something?
Stand aside!  REPULSIVE! Somebody's got to stop these bubble blowing jellyfishers!
I'm sorry, Mr. Tentacles! It's too late for that!
You there!  Hey! That was actually kind of fun! Maybe now's the time I stopped being so stuffy and loosened up for a change!
My house!  I knew it was too good to be true!
