We interrupt this program to bring you a news blast. Terror in a shell. This just in... fear and disease is spreading like wildfire as a killer snail has been biting the citizens of Bikini Bottom infecting them with... mad snail disease.  Ask any old fish on the street and they'll tell you that germs enter through the bite radius, traveling upstream until the entire host body is full of... mad snail disease. (the same sound effect from above can be heard) We now take you to Action News Reporter Perch Perkins live on the scene.
Flash. The jellyfish migration enters it second day of fantastic jellyfishing. We now go live to our reporter on the scene.
Good evening, music lovers of Bikini Bottom. Tonight, is the premiere of a new symphony, written by one of our own, Squidward Tentacles.
Sea Whelks! Large sea snails are invading Bikini Bottom and are on the attack! They are eating everything and they spit purple slime!  Luckily, the news station is safe. This is Bikini Bottom News signing out.
Salutations, heroic devotees! I hope you're securely seated and sufficiently hydrated, because coming up next, it's the Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy marathon!
For sixty-some-odd years, Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy have quadruple-handedly kept the sea crime-free.  And in celebration of such longevity, we're kicking off this weekend-long hero fest with the never-before-aired Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy Origin Special!  And now, without further fanfare,  the Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy Origin Spe-
Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy, superhero crime fighters!
And now, without any further delays, the Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy Origin Episode.
The story of Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy all started here.
At that very moment in the apartment directly above, a rogue scientist doing tests on radioactive ants knocks over a jar of his infected specimens, one of which, without any hesitation, crawls down one floor and miraculously lands undetected. It viciously bites our soon-to-be superhero. He screams in pain,  stumbling backwards.  In a split-second, both men find themselves in a freefall that sends them squarely through the roof of a vats of acid factory, and into a vat of acid that is tipped over by an errant alien spaceship, carrying the two blindly on a wave of acid during a solar eclipse on a leap year, precariously careening onto a bomb-testing site, where a cataclysmic explosion exposes our heroes in waiting to highly toxic radium gases. Then, as fate would have it, magical storm clouds move in, zapping both men with a neon-plaid lightning bolt and raining radioactive ooze, which, through centrifugal and electromagnetic turbulence, causes a powerful earthquake deep in the jungle two-thousand miles away, consequently unearthing a magical crystal with wings that flies to Ernie and Tim's exact location, and, powered by super gamma energy currents, pilots them to open skies until, not paying attention, the crystal clips the top of a billboard, flinging the two back to their apartment miraculously unharmed, when...
...they proceed with movie night and eat slightly overcooked popcorn.
Suddenly, an amazing reaction to the overcooked popcorn hits them with a jolt of cosmic super energy, metamorphosing Ernie into an incredibly strong, seastar-wearing superhero and Tim into a slightly less strong, but also super sailor-looking guy.
And that is how they became the superheroes we have come to know as...  Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy: Defenders of the Deep!
Merry Christmas, Frankie.
It's extreme sports, not spots. So you wanna be a Drastical. Let's see what you got, little dude.
Our sports are too extreme for you dudes. Maybe we should start you two on something easier. What games do you dudes like to play?
Jumprope, eh? Demonstrate.
Dude that was not extreme. Let the Drasticals show you how it's done. Grab it Granny
Kick it up a notch!
Yeah! See, extreme sports should be explosive! Boom!
Look dudes, to be extreme you gotta go bigger. Show 'em Drasticals!  Watch this!  Extreme.  Now that's how you do extreme! You understand?
Fighting is totally extreme.
Not so fast, that's not fighting. Stand aside  I'll show you how it's done!
Now that was extreme, dudes. You think you're starting to get it?
So what else you got?
That's not extreme.
Okay, that's kinda extreme. Not bad, but the Drasticals will show you how it's done.
Dude, that was awesome! What other crazy sports do you dudes play?
Jellyfishing, yeah...
Dudes, now we get it! These spots are way extreme!
And now a special message from SpongeBob SquarePants
For more ways SpongeBob and you can save the Big Blue go to nick.com/biggreenhelp.
Attention!  SpongeBob needs your help to protect our waters!
So here are some simple ways that SpongeBob and you can save the big blue! Shorten your shower and you can save three to six gallons a minute!  Think at the sink and turn off the faucet while brushing your teeth!
And get hip to the drip!  By telling your parents about any leaks around the house, you can save over 300 gallons a month! For more ways SpongeBob and you can save the Big Blue, go to nick.com/biggreenhelp!
This just in.  SpongeBob always treats the ocean fair and square but he needs your help. So here are some simple ways that SpongeBob and you can help save the big blue.
Look out for litter and pick up garbage before it enters the ocean.
Muffle the motor. Turning off boat engines keeps harmful chemicals out of the water.
And slash the trash.
Cutting six-pack soda rings can save the lives of countless marine animals. For more ways SpongeBob and you can save the big blue, go to nick.com/biggreenhelp.
Now, Bikini Bottom action news!
We interrupt your regular program for an important news bulletin!
We interrupt this program to bring you a special news announcement! This wild crowd behind me is screaming for Bikini Bottom's latest culinary sensation. Let's take a listen.
It's easy to see Pretty Patties are popular, but what is it about them that drives Bikini Bottom feeders wild?
Mr. SquarePants, how do you explain all this success?
And how can you not make money with such a brilliant idea?
Our top story tonight: giant oyster has its feelings hurt! The only clue that could be found was this lone peanut! And as you can hear, the oyster continues to emit its horrible cry. A cry so powerful, it can be heard around the world!  A cry that not only breaks the sound barrier, it breaks the hearts of our citizens!
What kind of cruel, careless, evil person would deliberately upset one of Neptune's most gentle creatures?
Welcome, sports fans, to the 21st annual Bikini Bottom Fry Cook Games.
So begin the 21st Fry Cook Games. I'm a realistic Fish Head, and it's a beautiful day here at Bikini Bottom's Fast Food Coliseum.
They come from everywhere microwaves hum.
Patties sizzle.
And heat lamps keep the fast food spirit warm... and Soggy. But the real story is the bitter rivalry between former competitors Mr. Krabs of the Krusty Krab and Plankton of the Chum Bucket.
Who could forget the year Mr. Krabs won gold for this five hundred pickle clean-and-jerk?
Not Plankton.
Or when Plankton won the hearts of millions by performing this perfect onion ring routine... with a broken antenna?
Krabs wasn't moved.
And now, late word is that this year, the Krusty Krab will be represented by a new competitor, on what is perhaps the greatest day of his young life.
Our first event, the deep fry pole vault.
The next event: the chocolate high dive.
For his dive, SpongeBob will be attempting a full banana fudge pop with two sticks.
And now, absolute silence.
Perfect entry! And toasted almonds? That's unexpected.
He stuck it!
And just look at that even coating.
Patrick will be resurrecting an old favorite. The single scoop strawberry cone with a chocolate dip.
Just look at that concentration.
Ooh, a little shaky on that entrance.
But just look at that form!
It's not over yet! With the score tied, we go to our final event! Bun wrestling. Who will take home the gold? Mr. Krabs of the Krusty Krab?
Or Plankton of the Chum Bucket?
