Yes, of course.
Oh, if it's gold you want, you'll find it in our vault.
Yes, I can see that. Pleasure to meet you. Come, I'll give you the grand tour of our Atlantean fortress. I'm so glad you're all here.
For centuries, we Atlanteans spent, nay, wasted our talents and energy building the most sophisticated weaponry to defend ourselves from invaders. But we abandoned the idea of warfare long ago and now all these weapons gather dust behind this locked door as an example of what must be done if one wishes to live in harmony with all creatures of this, or any, world.
But of course, follow me.
It is both an honor and a pleasure to welcome you to Atlantis. We haven't had visitors in some time. You see, being in a lost city has certain disadvantages which I digress. Now if you follow me, I'll show you some of our grandest achievements...
Are you all right?
Those pockets of yours certainly has a thing for treasure.
What you see here is a glimpse of ancient Atlantean history. Long ago we abandoned our obssesion with wealth to focus on the pursuit of knowledge. So help yourselves to as much as you pockets can carry!
Mr. Krabs, we're off to see the bubble, would you care to join us?
Very well then. Off we go.
Don't dally, lads. You don't wanna be left behind do you?
Of course, Miss Cheeks, here we are, the combination of all our technology. I give you the Alantean hall of Science.
It's a biomass converting device. It can take any household object, this comb for example and turn it into say, ice cream. Would anyone like to try?
Go ahead!
Actually it can only turn things into ice cream. We haven't worked out that bug yet but I can show you the most amazing/fantastic device created by Atlantean hands. Behold, this grand machine allows the user to shrink down to nano-stature, enabling them to battle germs hand to hand.
Please have a seat and I'll show you. Now...
Right now, his molecules are being broken down into data which is assembled in this computer and is stored on these tapes, then re-assembled on a much smaller scale...
And finally passes through this tube into this tank which contains every living element known to...  Oh, dear heavens! It looks like our scientists were working on a very aggressive case of the sniffles! He could be in trouble.
Well, shall we continue on with the rest of the tour?
Well then, good luck. Have fun. We'll see you at dinner.  Your friend Sandy certainly is an excitable one.
Gentlemen? What is art?
Not even close!  Art is what happens when you learn to dream.  Go ahead. Dream a little.
Behold! The Hall of Arts!
And you can!
Now this section of town is known for it's advances in the science of fondue cooking.
Do excuse me. Most folks don't stay with the tour this long. Of course you can. First, remember this. This bubble is over one million years old. It was brought here when the first Atlanteans colonized this place. Deftly hand carried over billions of light years from our home planet. It is our people's most beloved and treasured ancient relic. But most importantly remember to have fun!
Now if you'll excuse me, I have to make ready for tonight's dinner. So I'm just going to leave you two friendly strangers alone with our most beloved ancient and fragile Atlantean relic. Join us in the dining hall when you've had an eye-full!
So sorry I'm late. The tour ran a little long. So, how are you all enjoying our beloved city?
Absolutely marvelous! And Eugene, I assume the hall of treasure was everything you hoped for?  And Sandra, how did you find our laboratory?
Splendid. What does it do?
SpongeBob, Patrick, tell me. How did you enjoy our rarest and most prized possession?
Ahahaha! Come. Enjoy the best Atlantean cuisine has to offer before you leave.
Ahahaha! If there's one thing we Atlanteans enjoy, it's a healthy dose of dark humor!
Haha. That's not the real bubble. It's just a prop for the tourists. This is the real deal
Summon the Atlantean Royal Guard!  Seize these hostile bubble poppers!
Don't let them get away!
Look! A talking speck! This talking speck will make a fantastic  replacement for our recently deflated national treasure!   Won't you little fella?
Amazing! This is so much better than that dusty old bubble!
So nice to meet you all. I hope you have a safe journey back home. And do come back any time.
Dispose of this quickly. We can't survive anymore visitors like these.
I thought sponges were supposed to make life easier.
