Welcome aboard. If you're watching this video, then let me be the first to say: Congratulations!  You've recently been hired in the Krusty Krab  and this is your first official day of training.
Oh no, you've got a lot to learn before you're ready to make a Krabby Patty. As you can see by this graph...  Graph.  You have been employed in one of the most successful restaurants in Bikini Bottom. But it didn't that way over night...  ...because the store closes at 6:00.  No, the story of the Krusty Krab is the story of one man's hard work, perseverance, vision, determination and sweat.  But mostly his sweat.  From Humble Beginnings.  You may think that Mr. Eugene H. Krabs, owner and founder of Krusty Krab Inc., has always been the financial wizard he is today.  And you're right!  After the war, Krabs stayed secluded in a deep depression that seemed endless.  But then his luck changed when he acquired a bankrupt retirement home and with a few minor alterations, the Krusty Krab was born.  Sounds like a lot of...
Sounds like a lot of...
Sounds like a...
Sounds like a lot of hoopla to make over a little Krabby Patty right?  Wrong!  The Krusty Krab today.  To keep up with today's demanding customers, no expense has been spared to acquire all the latest achievements in fast-food technology.
All of this modernization seems a little overwhelming, doesn't it?  Well luckily for you, Mr. Krabs fear of robot overlords keeps the balance of technology in check.  But if modernization is the heart of the Krusty Krab, then employees are the liver and gallbladder.  Let's see if you got what it takes. Hmmm, poised, confident, and a smile that says, "Hello world! May I take your order?" You've got the makings of a good employee, Mr. SquarePants! But for every good employee, there is one who is not so good.  Let's see, inattentive, impatient, a glazed look in the eyes.  Look carefully at the "I Really Wish I Weren't Here Right Now!" button. There's a name for employees like this, but we'll call him Squidward.
Training.
No, you can't make a Krabby Patty without understanding the phrase POOP.
Once you understand POOP, you'll understand your place at the Krusty Krab. But what does POOP mean?  It's actually a carefully organized code. Watch closely. People Order Our Patties.
Looks like Mr. SquarePants understands POOP.  Here's a typical customer. I wonder what he wants. Well, if we just remember POOP, we can figure it out.
Do you think he's going to order: A: A sofa, B: An expensive haircut, or C: A patty?
Ah, POOP! You never let us down!  Now that you understand POOP, I bet you think you're ready to make a Krabby Patty.
Ha-ha! Not so fast, Eager McBeaver. We haven't even talked about:  Personal Hygiene.  Every employee at the Krusty Krab must comply with a strict set of personal hygiene guidelines.  Okay, Mr. SquarePants, are you ready to prepare for your shift?  A good employee always washes himself thoroughly. Be sure to get under those fingernails.  And don't forget about the knuckles.  And make sure those palms are squeaky clean.  All right, let's see those hands.  Now that's thorough!  After making sure your boots are polished, your face is clear of any blemishes or boils,  and your hair is neat and tidy,  you are ready to start the day. Now let's see how Squidward prepares for his shift.  Remember, no employee wants to be a Squidward!  Now that you're clean and hygienic, I bet you think you're ready to make that Krabby Patty.
Whoa there! We have a few more topics to cover first.  Your Work Station.  It's important to keep your area tidy and free of droppings. But a clean workstation is only part of the job.  To make the vision in your head a reality, you'll need supplies. And a good employee always keeps his supplies well-organized.  Very nice Mr. SquarePants, not a pickle out of place.  Now let's see how Squidward keeps his work station.
Don't worry Squidward, Mr. SquarePants can cover for you.  Now that your workstation is up and running, perhaps you think you're ready to make the world-famous Krabby Patty.  Calm down.  There's plenty of time left. We have to make sure you're ready for the psychological aspect of the job:  Interfacing with your Boss.
Good job, Mr. SquarePants!
Now we go from behind the scenes to the front lines, where we'll examine the most important aspect of the industry, the customer. Or as we like to say, the "Krustomer".
Like precious, precious blood in an animal, the customer is what makes the Krusty Krab strong and alive.
Ah-ah-ah, Squidward, remember what Mr. Krabs says.
We'll check up on these two later.  Right now, it's important that we discuss an emergency situation!  Like the lost gold of Atlantis, many consider the Krabby Patty to be a treasure. And as with every treasure, there's a thief ready to steal it. So it's up to you to be the watchful eyes of...  What's this?  It's Mr. Krabs business rival, Plankton!
He's stealing the formula! What are you going to do, Mr. SquarePants?
And so, another emergency is avoided, thanks to Mr. SquarePants.  Let's check in on Squidward again. Psst, Squidward.
Just remember POOP.
Hang in there Squidward, it's all part of the job.  Now that you've learned the basics of your training, it's time for the moment you've been waiting for.  Preparing the Krabby Patty!  At the center of every great dynasty is the crown jewel which keeps it alive and thriving.  For the Krusty Krab, this is the Krabby Patty.  And now you, the humble employee off the street, the all-too-necessary human resource that keeps this business afloat, will learn the sacred and dark secrets of how to prepare, with your very own hands...  the sumptuousness, lip-moistening, spine-tingling, heart-stopping pleasure center that is a Krabby Patty! Are you ready?  Are you sure?  Okay! The secret formula i-
Welcome to SpongeBob's House Party, with your host, Patchy the Pirate. There'll be punch, cookies, explosions, and a brand-new episode of SpongeBob SquarePants!
Now live, from Encino, California, get ready for a warm embrace from our party host, Patchy the Pirate!
Ah, the Barg'n Mart. A consumer's paradise of brand-like items, stocked as far as the eye can see.
While Patchy pulls himself together, let's see how SpongeBob's party is shaping up.
(television version only) That includes you folks, SpongeBob's House Party will be right back after these messages.   Ahoy there! Welcome back to SpongeBob's House Party!
Thank you for coming to SpongeBob's House Party!
The New Adventures of Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy.  In a familiar restaurant, in a familiar part of town, a call goes out in frustration.
A call that would normally be answered by Bikini Bottom's semi-retired champions.  they weren't the ones causing the problem.
The Quickster...with the ability to run really...quick!
Captain Magma...get him angry and he's bound to erupt!
The Elastic Waistband...able to stretch his body into fantastic shapes and forms!
And Miss Appear...now you see her...  ...now you don't.
The International Justice League of Super Acquaintances! A subsidiary of Viacom.
It's time for another SpongeBob SquarePants special! But it's not an ordinary special,  because today we go to Encino, California, as it was  one hundred million years ago! So prepare yourself for  SpongeBob SquarePants B.C.!  With your host, Patchy the Pirate!
Meanwhile.
Ah, dawn breaks over the primordial sea.  It's here that millions of years ago, life began taking its first clumsy steps out of the darkness, opening its newly- formed eyeballs to stare into the blinding light of intelligence, in order to- Umm... never mind. This happened a long time ago.
Hooray! It looks like our prehistoric pals have just discovered fire, but they will soon learn that when you play with fire, you may get burned. Stay tuned.
Will Patchy ever get control of the special?  What will SpongeBob do with fire?  Stay tuned to SpongeBob SquarePants B.C. and find out!
Welcome back to SpongeBob SquarePants B.C. Sounds like things have gone from bad to worse for Patchy. Let's watch!
When we last saw our hungry troglodytes, they just discovered fire. How long will it take for them to mess it up? Let's see.
Perhaps certain events in history are better left untold.
Two hours later...
The next day.
Later...
Ah, the Krusty Krab. Home of the delicious Krabby Patty and its super-secret recipe.
Several bad puns later.
Six hours later
Later that same evening.
It's Mermaid Man! Savior of the deep!  And his young fit servant, Barnacle Boy.
Several days later.
6 Months Later...
Mrs. Puff's Boating School. Where diligent students learn the rules of the road.
Gentle rhythm!  Oh, never mind.
4 to 6 weeks later.
It is a very special day in Bikini Bottom.
One minute thirty seven seconds later...
One debt to society later...
Ah, Jellyfish Fields. Here we find SpongeBob once again stalking the wild jellyfish. SpongeBob? Hello? SpongeBob? Hmmm... he's supposed to be here somewhere...  A-ha!
Today, SpongeBob has learned one of the sea's harshest lessons: wild animals can throw very wild parties.  Ooh, I felt that.
One pair of pants later...
8 hours later...
And so kids, always remember to follow your dreams, unless you're Patchy, and just stay in bed.
298 frozen patties later...
"Boat Smarts with Mrs. Puff". This driving film is brought to you by: C.O.B.B.U.T.K.S.B.S.P.O.T.R.A.O.O.B.A.T. Citizens Of Bikini Bottom United To Keep SpongeBob SquarePants Off The Road And Out Of Boats All Together.
It is a cold and windy day, and Bikini Bottom is covered with goosebumps.
Ahoy, mateys! Today I'll be spinning a tale you won't soon forget.  It's called "SpongeBob SquarePants Vs. The Patty Gadget". Now, SpongeBob was workin', his eye on the grill, 'til he heard a sharp sound that gave him a chill.
Wow, it's a deep-fry patty cookin' machine.  And hiding behind it, who do we see? None other than Squidward and his bad face acne.
The machine wanted his job to make SpongeBob quit. But SpongeBob didn't like it. No, not one bit. Pushing his grill, SpongeBob burst through the door.
With three little words, Krabs started the show. Flag raised in the air, he cried...
Quick as a flash, Squidward pulled the big lever, and sat back and watched feeling oh, so quite clever. SpongeBob, with spatula held tight in his fist, flung twenty patties, not a single one missed.
They cheered full of glee. All except Patrick, who had to go pee.
A noise and a clatter came from the machine, and out popped the patties in a burst of hot steam. The gadget was fast, its first batch completed, but SpongeBob yelled out...
He took in some air. SpongeBob swelled his physique. And dozens of patties filled up his cheeks.  He strained and he sweated. He summoned his will, and shot Krabby Patties right onto the grill.
Yelled out Squidward.
The gizmo, it shuddered. It clattered, it shook. And as Squidward laughed:
Sandy said...
But SpongeBob cried out...
Then he held up two spatulas and leapt like a spring. His hands were a blur, the patties went flying. He fried up a hundred with out even trying. Squidward was worried. SpongeBob couldn't be beat.
He struggled and strained 'til his face turned dark blue. Then the lever moved forward and broke right in two. The gadget buckled and sparked. It cracked like a gun. So Squidward took off, yelling...
Lightning flew from its maw. It looked ready to burst. But SpongeBob, still standing, yelled...
The patties came flying, by twos and by threes, by dozens, by hundreds, oh, it was something to see. Aye, that machine, it was fast, but SpongeBob was faster. He proved to that thing that he was its master.  The gadget blew into bits and died with a boom. The blast was so loud, it woke King Neptune.
It was all over, finished and done. With his head held up high, SpongeBob knew he had won. The crowd yelled, "Hooray, Squidward's name is now mud!" But as they were cheering, SpongeBob fell with a thud.  The service was short, tears shed with regret. Squidward, it seemed, was the one most upset.
What's that? You thought SpongeBob was buried down there? They just buried the gadget. Ha-ha, this I swear.  Well, that ends me tale, straight from the book. Now I gotta go and polish me hook!
Epilogue.
The Next Day--
Ten seconds later.
346 minutes later.
Much, much, much later.
Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy  have been captured by the evil Man Ray.  ... Tickled to the point of wetting themselves   and sent on a conveyor belt of doom...  To their watery grave.
Of course you do, Man Ray.   Everyone loves the new Krusty Kids Meal.  And for a limited time,  get your free toy inside.
three days later
Opening Night". We then see an actual red curtain and stage lights at the dock. We see 3 chairs in the front of it. They all sit down.
One week later
7:59 a.m.
Three weeks later...
Three days later.
Two hours later.
Two hours later.
Ahh, lunchtime at the Krusty Krab. Everyone is enjoying their Krabby Patties.  Huh?! What's this?
There appears to be a Krabby Patty napping in progress!  There can only be one culprit: Plankton!
Perhaps not, Monsieur Krabs, for it's...  SpongeBob SquarePants!
48 hours later.
8 Hours Later...
Ah, learning how to surf. To some it comes as easily as eating an ice cream cone on a hot day.
Others...
... well... to them, it's like eating an ice cream cone... on a cold day. Sometimes, in surfing, it's the approach that's most important.
And sometimes, it's the retreat.
Once in a life-time, that perfect wave comes along. Not too big, not too small, and the surfer has to act fast...
... or he stands to miss the ride of his life.
But all in all, in life, it's not whether we win or lose, but whether we get totally stoked.
The following Thursday.
You just enjoyed another exciting episode of Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy. Brought to you by...  ...the new Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy book!
For the first time, we learn about these legendary superheroes' origins, and their rise to stardom. Tomorrow, Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy will appear in the flesh signing their new books!
Don't delay! Arrive early to make sure you get your copy signed! Doors open at 8 a.m.
5 minutes later...
Ah. Another quiet day in Bikini Bottom. But it wasn't always this way. Once, it was horrible.  The unimaginable happened. One day, SpongeBob SquarePants... changed his pants!  I remember it as if it were yesterday. But, in fact, in happened three days ago.
Much later...
Much much later...
Shady Shoals, mild mannered rest home and secret headquarters of Mermaid Man - Master of maritime justice and defender of Bikini Bottom.
And his faithful ward, Barnacle Boy.
Today we find this duo of dynamism engaged in their favorite pastime, Watching TV.
But wait, what's this? Why, it's Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy's biggest fans. SpongeBob SquarePants and Patrick Star.
7 hours later.
Epilogue.
Several song-filled hours later...
A Few Minutes Later.
A Little Longer Than a Few Minutes Later
Two Hours Later.
3 Days Later
It's Patchy the Pirate's SpongeBob SquarePants  Fan Club Big Time Impressive Celebrity Television Extravaganza.  With Celebrity guests-- basketball mascot, The 3 Point Fowl,  The Guy on the Penny,  her majesty, the Queen,  musical guest, P!nk,  Sir Quentin and his little wooden sidekick, Mr. Tinder,  and guest of honor SpongeBob SquarePants. From Encino, California, the president  of the SpongeBob SquarePants Fan Club and your host,   Patchy the Pirate.
15 minutes later...
Several months later.
Halloween is no different under the waves. Pirates, skeletons, and sea monsters.  Ohh, sorry. Everyone having fun. Well, almost everyone.
Thousands of tears later...
16 Paranoia Filled Days Later...
Two hours later.
Ah, the eternal expanse of the deep sea. Teeming with fantastic creatures. Uh, teeming Im sure theyre around here somewhere! Aha!  Oh, thats a rock! Where is everybody?   Oh, it is just SpongeBob. Watch and witness one of the rarest and mysterious rituals of the deep, the staring contest.
Much, much later...
Yesterday...
Many Hours Later...
75 Years Later.
Ahh, it is Sunday morning in Bikini Bottom, and it is about time for Squidward to practice his clarinet, so get your ear plugs ready.
2,000 years later...
Two very boring minutes later...
Three hours later...
One wiener later...
The following day...
Meanwhile...
The first day of spring in Bikini Bottom. The flowers are blooming, the rainbows are... how you say? Bowing. The jellyfish are buzzing,  and it's time for the traditional...
Meanwhile, back in the lowlands...
Approximately 10 hours later
Early the next morning...
One shift later...
Ahhh... The Krusty Krab, Bikini Bottom's answer to fine dining. And here we see one of its patrons now.  Ah... yes, moving on. Oh, it is the SpongeBob, creator of the fine cuisine within. Now let us watch.
Two weeks later...
Five minutes later.
One long angry line later...
Johnny Krill! Not Dead Ted!  Grand Moul Granny!  Drastic... Radicals!  The drasticals!
72 hours later.
Bikini Bottom Prison. Home of the worst of the worst and currently of that little miscreant Plankton. Otherwise known as number 6-5-5-3-2-1.
Ah, Goo Lagoon. A relaxing retreat for the citizens of Bikini Bottom.  A place for fun and frolic, but soon fun shall turn to fear,  for deadly danger creeps their way  and it came from Goo Lagoon.
Just then... By sheer coincidence...
: Montage.
One hour later...
Fishermen have quite an effect on our undersea friends.
And now, Astrology with Squidward.
And now, Astrology with Squidward.
And now, Astrology with Squidward.
And now, Astrology with Squidward.
And now, Astrology with Squidward.
And now, Astrology with Squidward.
Ah, Saturday morning in Bikini Bottom. SpongeBob is watching his favorite Saturday morning show: The Adventures of Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy. Enjoying a bowl of Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy Bran Cereal, and wearing the official Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy breakfast biters.
Ahh, Bikini Bottom, fresh city to go to and what next, let's go.
Now every toon down in Toonville liked Nickmas a lot. But Angelica who lived just north did not. It could be her pigtails were pulled too tight.It could be Cynthia got lost one nightBut the real reason most folks would concurIs she thought all the chocolate should be just for her.As she looked down at all the toon cheer.She had thoughts of stealing Nickmas this year.So she hopped on her Malibu Cynthia sleigh.And took off for Nickville that very dayShe snuck through Toonville and very soon.She was stealing chocolate from every NickToon.A chocolate helmet, a chocolate boardChocolate figure of UltralordChocolate patties on a chocolate grillChocolate worms from Phil and LilChocolate chalk from Rudy's workChocolate from all around the earth.But just as she finished stealing her haul.Out came the little NickToon of allLittle Plankton Loo WhoWho had one eye not two who.
When Angelica tried to think of a liesomething to use as a quick alibi.She patted Plankton on the head.And clicked the green bean back to bed.Then she turned around and went on her way.Back up the mountain with a thousand pound sleigh.But when she got up to the very tip top.She thought about something that made her stop.Tomorrow morning in ToonVille there would be no treatsNo Nickmas goodies, no Nickmas treats and as she looked down at her big Nickmas haul.She thought of the toons having nothing at all and she decided right then and there.She really, truly didn't care.The real reason for Nickmas as far as she could see was.
And all the toons in ToonVille say
And now, SpongeBob checks his Instaclam.
And now, Patrick Star checks his Instaclam.
The Krusty Krab has been shelling out quality service with its signature Krabby Patty is the sizzling source of revenue. Mr. Krabs has served over 50 billion aquatic customers.
Today, my friends, we welcome you to the museum of cartoon sponges. What you're about to witness is a rare collection of fine art depicting a legendary yellow sponge by the name of SpongeBob, who wears square pants.
Ah, beautiful springtime. A time for fun and frolic for most...  but not for this poor slob.
Ah, Bikini Bottom. Home to the friendliest creatures under the sea.
But how do you know if you're really from Bikini Bottom?  You know you are from Bikini Bottom when... this is how you drive.
You know you are from Bikini Bottom when... this crimefighting duo protects your city from evil.
You know you are from Bikini Bottom when... this is customer service.
You know you are from Bikini Bottom when... you love Krabby Patties!
But how do you know you are from Bikini Bottom? You live in a pineapple under the sea!
Or a stone head, or a treedome, or a rock.
With just a couple minor adjustments, anyone can go from yokel to tough guy!
Even you.
Good, 'cause this city-slicker necktie has got to go.  And this hat...ridiculous.  Now all you need is some uncut facial hair , a handlebar mustache , a scar ...
...tough guy hat , gloves , bandanna , boots , and lastly that ol' tough guy scowl .
What if SpongeBob was gone?
What if SpongeBob was gone?
What if SpongeBob was gone?
What if SpongeBob was gone?
Welcome to Bikini Bottom, where can be found some of the finest specimens of undersea life.  Well, you know.
So you thought I was kidding, huh? No, in Bikini Bottom, excellence can be found, even under a rock.
It's SpongeBob's Legendary Dance Party!
Things to do when encountering a legendary creature.
Every day is a holiday for SpongeBob, even if he has to make one up.
What if the mystery ended this way?
Well, that was unexpected.
Two Days Later.....
Ah, the Krusty Krab. Home of the Krabby Patty, with its top secret formula, known only to those who are brave enough and intelligent enough to comprehend its culinary complexity.
But wherever there's a secret recipe, there is someone who wants to steal it.
Six and a half hours later...
Ah, Goo Lagoon. A stinky mud puddle to you and me. But to the inhabitants of Bikini Bottom, a wonderful, stinky mud puddle.
Ah, Sandy Cheeks is going out of town and has asked SpongeBob and Patrick to do a little pet-sitting for her.
Perhaps she should have asked someone else.
Isn't it about time Squidward got his own show? Probably not. But, if he did, the opening theme song might sound a little something like this...
Ask Patrick Anything!
You can ask this sincere sea star and his magic rock anything, and he'll certainly have an answer for you.
Let's try together. Patrick, is tomorrow going to be a good day?
Told ya. He knows everything.
Now you think of a question. That's right. You. Any question, got it? Ask now!
There's your answer. But before another question, ask Pat!
Hmm, probably not the answer you expected. Now viewer, think of a really big question. Ready, Set, Ask!
What say you now, all seeing Patrick?
Umm, Patrick, wanna try that again?
Umm, that was... Ask Patrick Anything!
They certainly are, Patrick. They certainly are.
Bikini Bottom's 7 Life Strategies are here! Act now and you can put into practice these crucial techniques for spongier, squarer, and more absorbent living!
Number 1: "Setting boundaries"
Number 2: "Reverence"
Number 3: "Self-esteem"
Number 4: "Affirmation"
Number 5: "Gratitude"
Number 6: "Coping Skills"
Number 7: "Compassion"
With these 7 life strategies, you'll be sponge-errific, sponge-tastic, sponge-elicious even. But when in doubt, remember the SpongeBob Mantra: "I'm ready! I'm ready!" Good, now you're ready to living squarer, yellower, and spongier everyday! Repeat after SpongeBob: "I'm ready! Ready! Ready! Ready! Ready! Ready! Ready!"
Welcome to South Korea! Home of tall buildings, beautiful waterways, fast sunsets, and, most importantly, Nick Korea and Rough Draft Studios.
This is where everyone's favorite underwater hero, SpongeBob SquarePants, is animated. Let's go in and check it out.
Everyday, artists are hard at work drawing every frame of SpongeBob.
After all frames are drawn, they are scanned into the computer. This is where the colorists take off. They go through and color each and every drawing.
While this is happening, the background artists are painting all the backgrounds that are needed for this episode.
Once the backgrounds are painted and the frames are colored,they're all put together in the computer, and SpongeBob and the gang come to life.
And that's your exclusive look at SpongeBob and Rough Draft Studios.
And now, direct from Encino, America's favorite pirate and president of the SpongeBob SquarePants fan club, Patchy the Pirate.
Well, it looks like Patchy's pretty busy at the moment, so I'll say it for him. Good night, and happy holidays.
Here we are again at the Bikini Bottom Boating School. Today is once again the day of SpongeBob's boating school exam. But more importantly, this is the last test for the year,  and if SpongeBob does not pass this one, it means  another whole year of boating school!
Ah, ze early morning in Bikini Bottom, when the jellyfish are buzzing about and making their jellyfish jelly.  Oh, what is happening here?  Collectors?
As seen in episode 17!
Ah... Bikini Bottom Zoo is having its annual free day. Free balloons...
Free drinks...
Free... light bulbs?
And now, it's time for SpongeBob's You Wish Spectacular Special.
And now the host of You Wish. He's got puffy and better loons then Captain Kidd, and fuzzier facial hair then Black Beard. He's America's favorite Pirate, Patchy of Encino.
A few inches later...
And so, we conclude SpongeBob's You Wish Spectacular Special! Thanks for voting!
Day two.
Day three.
Day four.
A few moments later...
One eternity later...
Ah, The Goo Lagoon. Where the sun is hot and the sunbathers are oh so cool.
Ah, springtime in Bikini Bottom. All sea creatures have an innate sense of the seasonal changes...  ...like the starfish. A quick survey of his environment...  ...and he knows that.
The starfish then sheds his winter coat  and stores it away safe for winter.
Three days later...
Twelve seconds later...
Oh, a dark and stormy night. It's nights like these that remind me of the time Mr. Krabs and SpongeBob thought they killed the health inspector.  It was a bright and sunny morning.
Well, that's the story. Yes, they are all idiots, aren't they?
Ahh, the Krusty Krab. Through these doors pass all the many kinds of undersea life.
And also these guys.
Ah, observe the majesty of the mighty iceberg.  This frozen giant, normally found floating in polar regions, can sometimes  stray into warmer waters, causing dramatic changes in climate  for tropical, undersea life.
For Mr. Krabs, all trash is treasure.
3:28 am
Closing time at the Krusty Krab.
Three weeks later...
Many months later...
Ah, Goo Lagoon, a luxurious oasis of sand and sea.
Tomorrow...
Tomorrow for sure...
Eventually...
Uhhh...
12:00 midnight.
A slow day at the Krusty Krab.
One hour later...
Two hours later...
Three hours later...
