Hello, and welcome one and all, to a super special episode of House Fancy. I'm your host, Nicholas Withers.  Our first, very special guest on today's show will be none other than...
Sorry Squilliam, but we've gotta get back to the show.
Okay folks, House Fancy will be right back after these important messages.  Welcome back to House Fancy. I'm Nicholas Withers, and here next to me is Squilliam Fancyson.
Let me start, with saying what a lovely facade you have, Mr. Fancyson.
And your house doesn't look too bad either.
Camera crew, can we get a shot of Squilliam Fancyson's fabulous house, please?
It's simply glorious!
It's like I've died and gone to fancy heaven!  Is that what I think it is?
Absolutely magical!
May I?
Ohhh... Lovely.
Well, I have to say Squilliam, and I think that I'm speaking for all of our viewers out there when I say this. You, are truly a fancy man.
Such class!
An elevator?
What the!? A whirl pool bath elevator?
It's huge, and... lifelike!
You have the fanciest...
You have the fanciest...
No, you're phone is ringing.
Hello. Hello.  Hello.
Really?
Okay, we'll be at your house in two hours with a camera crew.
Hello, and welcome back to House Fancy. We're arriving at the home of Mr. Squidward Tentacles, who claims his house is far more fancier than that of Squilliam Fancyson. Let's take a look.  Well, I, I, I, well I don't know how to say this...
Squidward Tentacles, you seem to have ushered in an entire new era in house fanciness!
What you have done here hearkens back to the illustrious post-primitive movement popularized by famous designer Saul Limpkins. Say, was he a big inspiration for you?
I would like to announce, that Squidward's house will be featured in an hour long, commercial free House Fancy special, and Squidward will be crowned House Fancy prince, of the year! In honor which, was originally to be bestowed on Squilliam, but now isn't.
You heard me, I wanna buy your home!
It doesn't matter to me, any condition,  any size, I'll buy your home! Sold!
I'm Nick Fishkins and I wanna buy your home! Sold!
Say, is this the home of Squidward Tentacles? The one that was for sale?
Yeesh. This place is a wreck! I'm Nick Fishkins and I do not wanna buy this home! Not sold!
