Hey, what are you doing?!  Heh, sorry about that, folks. Let's go down to the field to join the mayor for the pre-game ceremony.
Would you look at that, folks? Lightning Larry Luciano, a living legend, slowly making his way center stage. And what a proud moment for this sport. The crowd is going absolutely nuts...  ...for Larry.  He's almost there. Uhh, yes, any minute now.
He's almost a quarter of the way there.
And they're off! Number six, Snellie, rockets out of the starting blocks, leaving the other two competitors in the dust!
And there goes number 7 out of the starting gate. Oh, hang on, folks. He doesn't look so good.
I do not like the look of this.
That coach is pushing that snail too hard!
Oh, looks like number 7 has a blowout!  Oops, make that 2, folks.
Plus, a blown head gasket! Oh, and the poor creature's still going for it.
He's losing control!
He's spinning out of control!  He's heading straight for the wall!
Whoa. One of the coaches seems to have raced onto the track. That is an automatic disqualification. Looks like number six has this race all wrapped up, ladies and gentlemen.
My, oh, my. Folks, I have never seen anything quite like this. It seems Snellie, the leader, just went back to comfort Gary.
Perch Perkins here with the first victim of this epidemic. Tell me Mr Tentacles, when did you first begin to suspect that you were a zombie?
Hey, I have a ticklish rib cage, too. And I haven't even been bitten.
Well, you heard it here first. We're all doomed to a horrible demise. Thanks to a diseased snail.
This year's migration is the largest in a century! I feel truly sorry for the poor saps that will miss even one minute of this remarkable event.
Guys, I know it's a slow news day, but come on.
Perch Perkins here, live at the Krusty Krab. We're just moments away from an important press conference with Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy. I have with me here Eugene Krabs, owner of the restaurant. Any thoughts, Mr. Krabs?
We interrupt this program for an important announcement.  Bikini Bottom is literally in a state of total chaos tonight.
We go now to news scene chopper 7. What's up?
Stop what you're doing and don't go out that door. This is a KNKC special report. Panic in the streets of New Kelp City as rampant bubbles bring visibility down to 0. The angry citizens here blame the apocalyptic scene on Mayor CheeseHead BrownPants and his newly-enacted bubble policy.
Looks like another beautiful day here in Bikini Bottom. It... Huh?
Perch Perkins here and coming to you live from the Bikini Bottom Wrestling Royal Rumble Free for All.
Well, what you get is the most anticipated event of the wrestling season!  Hundreds of wrestlers from around the world face off against the heavyweight champs.
Anyone who can defeat these giants will earn the championship title.
And the million dollar cash prize.
Wow, now that's a serious Sleeper Hold.
And it looks like the champs are ready to end it.
Yep. They're gonna leave more than a mark with this special move. The mother of all moves, the Flying Double Decker Atomic Headbutt of Destruction...  with a spin.
That's right, Skip. And the winner of one million dollars.
Or...
You can take what's behind Curtain #2.
Wrestle Camp it is.
This just in, a diabolical albeit half-hazardously, thrown together machine is attacking Bikini Bottom and is headed straight for the Krusty Krab!!!
Thanks, Elaine. Just moments ago, Eugene Krabs sent his famously delicious secret Krabby Patty formula packing.
We wanted to ask Mr. Eugene Krabs  what compelled him to take such drastic measures.
Breaking News!! The Tunnel of Glove has turned into a Tunnel of Terror!!! Just hours ago, the mechanism that controls the boats mysteriously stopped, trapping the doomed couple inside. We have the youth's friends here, who escaped the tunnel before tragedy befell the two sweethearts.
And what was the name of your friends?
So there you have it. As time quickly runs out  still no word from the imperiled whale girl and SpongeBob.
At this time survival looks bleek, for the little yellow sponge.
Hey, Doofus!!
Your best buddy is trapped in the tunnel of glove and he may never escape!!
Well, it's clearly no secret....
.....that Le Chum Bucket isa hit.
That's right! Perch Perkins here at Goo Lagoon, bringing you the latest on this Super Goo event.  What do you think of Super Goo, young man?
And you, sir, what's your opinion?  Uh, sir?
That's great. Let's get some comments from some other beach goers.
Yes, siree. The goo bubbles certainly are getting folks excited.
This is Perch Perkins reporting live from Goo Lagoon where I'm standing in front of what appears to be some sort of gigantic gooey bubble rising out of the water into the water. With me is Sandy Cheeks. Miss Cheeks, as Bikini Bottom's resident know-it-all, we look to you for answers. Who, what, how, why, when?
Oh, yes. Of course.  This is Perch Perkins and I'm soaking wet. Back to you.
So, Miss Cheeks, what's the prognosis?
Well, there you have it. This is Perch Perkins about to be swallowed by a giant wave.
And here comes Squidward Tentacles and what must be either a bizarre piece of performance art or the saddest display of loneliness it has ever been my displeasure to report. One is inclined to suspect the second thing I said. A thing about sadness!
Looks like this crowd is hungry! For excitement that is, and also possibly food, any moment now these doors will open on what promises to be the most dynamic patty eating contest, in Founders Day history.
Today, our local hero, Patrick Star, the courageous underdog, is going against five time belt winner, Oswald McNulty from three towns over, one can only imagine the seeding tension pulling over right now, between these two titans of the sport, as they prepare for ultimate battle.
Five short minutes to consume as many patties as they can.
There's the bell! And we're off and eating.  McNulty taking an early lead and really going to work with those patties, what a dynamo! A little skull from three towns over eating at a terrific pace! But what's this?  Patrick Star isn't moving, he seems stuck in the gate!
McNulty is pressing forward, looks like this is gonna be a blowout!
But wait! Patrick Star is on the move, patties are starting to disappear, look at that little sea star eat! He's inching closer to McNulty, and it look like McNulty can feel the heat, never have there been a more pretentious display of competitive eating! The amount of patties being consumed is astounding.  And now, yes, yes! Patrick Star has matched Oswald McNulty! And they are tied as they come into the home stretch! Both eaters are so full they could barely eat but eat they do, moving so slowly now. One can't help but wonder if they are going to hit the patty wall at some point. And, and,  Both eaters have stopped! With only seconds left, we are tied in patties eaten, and neither one seems to have the room to go on! Oh! What is this?  And down goes McNulty, down goes McNulty!  It looks like we do have a tie!
What's this? Patrick Star has risen from his seat, and is pointing to center field, No wait! He's pointing to a little boy with a hurt foot.  Ladies and gentleman, he's pointing to his mouth, as if to indicate something
And, he's eating! He's eating! The Great Starbino, is eating!  Patrick Star wins! The belt is back in Bikini Bottom! The belt is back in Bikini Bottom.
Congratulations, Starbino. So, are you gonna defend the belt next year?
And in shocking news today, it has been revealed that Frozen Krabby Patties are made with sand.
Mr. Plankton, we've received a word that you're plotting to infiltrate the Krusty Krab and steal the Krabby Patty secret formula.  Is that true?
Yes!
Frozen Krabby Patties! You know them, you love them! You wear the shirts, hug the dolls, ride the roller coaster!
And eat them by the millions!
But just who are the people fueling this fab?
Uh, yes, well, thanks for that I guess. But we're not doing interviews yet.  This is just a teaser.
Okay then. Why do you like them so much? Is it the taste?
Hmm.  Yes!  I finally feel like I'm part of something!
I belong!
Oh, I'm sorry. Let me just join!
I'm in with the in-crowd!
Surf's up in the Goo Lagoon.  And here comes Larry, doing his trademark lay-back.  There goes Sandy, hanging ten... fingers, that is.  There goes SpongeBob...  ripping his pants again.
Hello, Bikini Bottom! Perch Perkins here, coming to you live from in front of The Krusty Krab restaurant, for years the only place to get a delicious and mouthwatering Krabby Patty. Until today, that is. That's right, folks. Longtime owner Mr. Krabs is opening a new restaurant called The Krusty Krab 2. First of all, congratulations, Mr. Krabs.
What inspired you to build a second Krusty Krab right next door to the original?
Perch Perkins here with an incredible news flash. Plankton is selling Krabby Patties at the Chum Bucket. How is this possible? Let's find out.
Excuse me, Plankton. Perch Perkins, Bikini Bottom News. Can I get a minute?
All of Bikini Bottom wants to know, how did you get the Krabby Patty?
Thanks.
Perch Perkins reporting live from Downtown Bikini...  ...Bottom. Complete chaos here today as our town attempts to deal with a sudden and complete shortage of Krabby Patties.  Whoa! Events here have this reporter wondering, what  the secret ingredient in Krabby Patties, anyway?!
