Well, Mr. Krabs, you gave us quite the scare.
Well, if you don't want to take my word for it, let's just check your chart.  Let's see here. Hmmm...oh, no!  Oh, no, this is terrible!
Don't touch me!
Well son...
We should know...
We won't know for two weeks. You'll just have to wait.
We can't really have you in here today. I'm going to be removing Squidward's bandages and he made me swear to keep you far away from him.
Okay. As long as you stay on the other side of the...  Right.
What is it?
I have no idea what that is. Please. Just let me work.
May I?
That is a television set put here for the patient's enjoyment. And it's not even plugged into the wall!
Now what?!
What could it possibly be this time?!
I...I...I can't believe it.
Your friend is very lucky. If it wasn't for that slide whistle getting lodged in his throat, the rescue team might have never found him.  His yelling, or whistling I should say, under all that rubble saved his life.
Unfortunately, we don't have the technology to remove it yet. But on the bright side, he can still communicate with us.
Yeah he's in pretty bad shape with the impact of all that metal but he'll pull through.
I think this has something to do with it.
It seems to be your pet swallowed it. It has a very strong magnetic pull.
Well there's still the matter of the bill.
Actually, you have just enough change to cover it.
Yes, yes, it's just as I thought.
This is definitely a snail.
Therefore, a shot of snail plasma must be carefully administered. Here you go.
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm too squeamish.
Well, Mr. SquarePants, it seems you have the suds. Are you ready for your treatment?
No, silly, you get the sponge treatment. Oh, Hans?
Oh, yes, Dr. Patrick, we have a special treatment for you.
I'm afraid you had a serious accident. It seems when you crashed, you ruptured your inflation sack
Umm no idea. I'm afraid you'll never puff again.
There! That should help her relax.
Yes everyone needs to relax.
Oh, it's nothing serious. Just a caluty from this weeks Demolition Derby! Come check out the carnage! It's actually quite entertaining.
Pretty gruesome huh? You gotta hand it to those guys! Risking their lives for our amusement!
Hmmm?
Your friend has a condition known by the medical term Head-go-boom-boom-itis. Not to worry though he recover over normally over time, but he mustn't receive any more blows to the head or he may stay this way permanently. Just care for his as he was you own bouncy baby boy and he will be fine in no time.
Okay, Mr. Krabs. Get plenty of rest and if things don't seem right, come back.
Why, you're in the hospital. This young boy saved your life. He performed CPR for five hours straight.
