Welcome to Inferno Island!  [yelling] What in the seven seas just insulted my ear drum!? Could that had been an unrequested sound-off? Well, it must had been my imagination! And you can all thank your lucky stars that  I have a very active imagination! Because it so happens that it is my sworn duty to think of fun things to do with the trash that society has thrown away!
Holy fishpaste! We got ourselves a couple of "rabble rousers". What's your name, son?
And are you a rabble rouser?
Well I hope you aren't, because you sure look mighty tasty. It isn't too soon after breakfast for me to want to chew somebody's head off!
Hungry?! Barney, fetch these two poor hungry souls a snack. On the double!
Did you just say nap?! Well, I know the perfect place for you two to go digest that meal.  A couple days in the hole never hurt anybody.
Alright! Let them out!  Now pay attention, worms. Watch the way they crawl out on their bellies, begging for mercy, and see what's waiting for you, next time you fell up to same way these two did!
Cut your traps, all of ya, because of that little outburst, I am going to treat you all to an activity so heart-wrenchingly boring, it physically exhausting, that it is guaranteed to render your souls broken beyond repair!
'  Good night, ladies!
Rise and shine!  Now, which one of you vile, low-down, vile miserable wretched swine left this pathetic, worthless, horror and meaningless...
Who said that?
What is the meaning of this thing?
Good. Well then, I'll watch your play, and I will enjoy every act of your pathetic, meaningless, ridiculous, production. You know why?
No! Because this will be the last act you will ever perform in your pathetic lives! So, get to it! And I'd better be truly entertained!
I-I-I had never seen anything so beautiful...
Encore! Encore! Encore! Do it again!  What the?!
I'm stuffed. I can't even begin to imagine a punishment appropriate for what has happened here tonigh'! Bert cannot attempt to describe the disgusting, vile, th-th-the complete disregard for the story tradition of musical theatre. So, startin' this very moment, every one of you will be sentenced to...
What in the name of...  For Neptune's sake man, speak the King's English!
Your who-what?
Enough. So tell me Counselor, just what do they do on your Sunny Funny Island?
Egad.
Ahck!
These heinous activities sound like torture too severe for even the lowest, filthiest, undeserving...  Wait a minute! I have a brilliant idea!
